**Item #:** SCP-194

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-194 is contained in a standard anomalous vehicle containment unit.

**Description:** SCP-194 is a red-painted rowboat, designed to seat two people.

[Addenda 194.A-194.C: Documentation of SCP-194-Z](javascript:;)

[Close](javascript:;)

**Addendum 194.A (Object Class):** Euclid

**Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures):** The object presently designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be reported to containment staff.

Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e. SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically, rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.

Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through 194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered regardless of other edits.

**Addendum 194.C (Description):** SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation custody.

Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are non-anomalous in nature.

  

[Addendum 194.D: CCTV Footage](javascript:;)

[Close](javascript:;)

The following is a transcript of CCTV Recording 139-DC-732, taken 04/23/2019, in Site-139. No relevant video was recorded; only audio.

> SUBJECT 1: Hey.
> 
> SUBJECT 2: Oh. Hey.
> 
> SUBJECT 1: So, um, on Tuesday—
> 
> SUBJECT 2: Something came up.
> 
> SUBJECT 1: Well, okay, would you like to—
> 
> SUBJECT 2: You know, I'm…I'm really busy these days, it makes it kinda tough to…you know. Be social.
> 
> SUBJECT 1: Uh-huh.
> 
> SUBJECT 2: So like, I appreciate it. Like…I appreciate you…my _coworker_, wanting to socialize with me, as _coworkers_, outside of work, but sometimes it's just not…going to happen. You get that, right?
> 
> SUBJECT 1: Well I mean…I guess I thought—
> 
> SUBJECT 2: _(Deep sigh)_ We are coworkers, Garth. I was under the impression this was going to be a friendly after-work chit-chat. And your texts—
> 
> SUBJECT 1: Oh, I was just…playing around, ya know, it—
> 
> SUBJECT 2: No, it's not really—
> 
> SUBJECT 3: Excuse me, Laura, do you have a second?
> 
> SUBJECT 2: Yeah. _(footsteps)_

[Addendum 194.E: Testing Logs](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-194/offset/1)