**WARNING:**

Submission of these Standard Containment Procedures to the Foundation database will conclude the prescribed period of initial research quarantine.

If you wish to proceed, please accept any changes made to the draft entry, and provide appropriate authorisation where relevant.

**Item #:** SCP-2136

**Object Class:** Euclid NEUUtrallized

**Special Containment Procedures:** MTFs Eta-10 and Theta-5 are to establish a naval perimeter around the Sentinel Islands to prevent outside contact while a local containment protocol is determined.

The three D Class hosts infected with SCP-2136 are to be contained in a large, single-roomed cell with an inner and outer door. All interior walls and the interior of the inner door are to be lined with mirrors, and the cell is to remain well-lit at all times. Limited furniture is to be provided to avoid blocking line-of-sight within the cell. All bedclothes must be made of transparent or translucent material, and the hosts' clothing must leave exposed skin from all angles. Hosts are to sleep in shifts, with no more than one host asleep at any time. In the event of the death of a host, a new D Class subject must be introduced to the cell as soon as possible, after being briefed as to SCP-2136's effects. No other personnel are to be admitted to the outer door of the cell, and the outer door must be closed before the inner door is opened to receive food or replacement D Class hosts. The cell is to be monitored by CCTV only.

aLL D CLass hosts died.. SCP-2136 is neutrali zedd.

**Description:** SCP-2136 is a pathogen capable of infecting humans. The pathogen is transmitted by an uninfected human's visual perception of an infected host. This form has not been able to be visualised by electron microscopy.[1](javascript:;)

Upon infection, the pathogen migrates to the host's motor neurons, producing an effect (SCP-2136-A) if the infected subject is out of the line-of-sight of another host. The characteristic symptoms of SCP-2136-A are a sudden stiffening of the unobserved subject's muscles, followed by complete immobility. Re-observation by another host during this period will reverse the symptoms, allowing the subject to regain muscle control. Death of an unobserved subject will occur within 5 minutes due to respiratory and circulatory failure.[2](javascript:;)

Deceased hosts cease to be infectious, and study of deceased hosts has revealed anomalous organelles within neural cells. The organelles are non-functioning in the deceased subject, but presumed to be the mature form of the pathogen. In this stage, the composition of the pathogen suggests the ability to absorb some or all of the electrical impulses generated by the host's neurons.[3](javascript:;)

Further study has revealed that the pathology observed above may not constitute the full life-cycle of the pathogen. Analysis is continuing - please see Dr Heidke's journal notes below in the interim.

**Discovery:** SCP-2136 was first identified in two individuals taken from the Sentinel Islands. The indigenous Sentinelese had been tagged for investigation following changes in their behaviour as observed on satellite. After the Foundation lost contact with the agent assigned for observation, a visual hazard was anticipated, and Mobile Task Force Eta-10 ("See No Evil") was sent in under "Blind Ops" conditions, capturing two subjects for study.

Are you sure you wish to delete the addendum "Observation Journal"?  
Please enter your password below to confirm deletion.

  

[+ \[\*\*ENTER PASSWORD\*\*\]](javascript:;)

[\- \[\*\*PASSWORD INVALID - PLEASE CONFIRM PASSWORD AND RE-TRY\*\*\]](javascript:;)

**Dr Heidke's Observation Journal - potential anomaly (provisional designation -2136)**

*   [_Day 1_](javascript:;)
*   [_Day 2_](javascript:;)
*   [_Day 3_](javascript:;)
*   [_Day 4_](javascript:;)
*   [_Day 5_](javascript:;)

**Day 1**

> **1400**  
> Assigned to a new potential SCP, working with Dr Fletcher (astro-biologist) and Dr Masrur (biochemist, translator). I'd like to record my thanks to Dr Richards for assigning me my first supervisory role, and look forward to reporting back once we're through the initial 96 hour quarantine.
> 
> MTF Eta-10 have secured two subjects (-1 and -2) in a containment cell, and have also brought in tissue samples from a human corpse found with the subjects. The MTF leader noted that the subjects expressed a desire to remain together during capture and transport.
> 
> **2130**  
> Commenced CCTV observation. Subjects were seated on beds, facing each other and conversing. Dr Masrur noted that the subjects' spoken language was a Bengali dialect, indicating that subjects were not native Sentinelese. Subjects were interrogated using the cell's speaker system, and confirmed that they were agents from the Indian government. When we refused to release them, they ceased to answer our questions.
> 
> India sent agents as well? What were they after?

**Day 2**

> **0830**  
> Subjects have refused to sleep, and have continued to demand release, but have shown no outward signs of anomaly. They certainly don't seem to be affected by a visual hazard. Perhaps Eta-10 picked up the wrong people on their blind excursion?
> 
> **1620**  
> Following a long whispered conversation, the subjects asked whether another person can join them in their cell. He says that otherwise it is too dangerous for them to sleep, but won't explain why. I have refused their request until they cooperate with us.
> 
> **2135**  
> There is an anomaly here after all! At 2130, subject -2 finally drifted to sleep, despite -1's urgings. Within a minute, -1 stiffened and fell to the floor, immobile. The noise woke -2 up, and as soon as he did, -1 recovered. Dr Fletcher and I agree that visual contact appears to play a role in the effect we've designated 2136-A. Dr Masrur is talking to the subjects again now.
> 
> **2215**  
> I have requested a D Class to be assigned to enter the cell, in return for the subjects telling Dr Masrur what they know. Not much more than us, as it turns out. Their observer reported that the Sentinelese were living in much tighter groups than normal, sleeping in shifts and not letting anyone go off alone. The observer also noted some odd behaviour from some of the Sentinelese, with jerky, uncoordinated movements. Then the government lost contact with their observer. When they went to retrieve him, they found him dead, but with no sign of violence.
> 
> During retrieval, the subjects were spotted by two Sentinelese, who attacked with spears. The subjects attempted to escape, but fell victim to 2136-A. It was only when the Sentinelese warriors caught up to them that they were able to move, and fight off the tribesmen. They were then preparing to leave the island when Eta-10 captured them.  
>   
> **2300**  
> The requested D Class (designated subject -3) has arrived at the cell. Dr Fletcher ensured that subject -3 entered the cell safely, without subjects -1 or -2 being seen outside the cell. I have asked containment to construct an outer door to the cell in case we need to open it again.
> 
> After 5 minutes, we asked subjects -1 and -2 to slowly turn away from -3, keeping each other in view. As expected, -3 stiffened and fell, confirming that the anomaly affects him too. Subject -3 was revived by -1 and -2 re-establishing visual contact. So the anomaly is definitely infectious, and the line-of-sight theory could be right. Subjects have been instructed to sleep in shifts - we'll do the same in the observation room to make sure we don't lose any subjects to tiredness.

**Day 3**

> **0600**  
> The implications of this anomaly are fascinating. Dr Fletcher and I have been up all night debating its method of infection and potential source. Dr Fletcher insists that the anomaly is some form of virus, and while I don't think there is enough evidence yet, we have agreed to refer to it as a "pathogen" in the draft containment procedures. Dr Masrur joined in some of the discussion, but later I could see her in the reflection from the CCTV monitor, napping on the bench nearby. We'll run some detailed tests today.
> 
> **2145**  
> A very long day. Testing has been difficult - every instruction needs to be delivered in English and Bengali, and the subjects were unwilling to cooperate until I told them the tests would help us find them a cure. Why wouldn't they be on edge? They've had hardly any sleep. Not that we have either.
> 
> Observations. I'll write up the full test logs later, but for now we've learned:
> 
> *   average time for 2136-A effect once line-of-sight is broken is around 45 seconds;
> *   line-of-sight for 2136-A purposes is not disrupted by reflection or refraction. I requested mirrors for the subjects to hang in the cell, which should help keep them within each other's view;
> *   line-of-sight needs to include skin to avoid 2136-A effect. We've asked the subjects to strip to the waist for now, and have updated the draft containment procedures.
> *   Dr Masrur has identified some anomalous structures in the tissue samples Eta-10 brought back - looks like this is some type of parasite after all.
> 
> We ceased testing at 2130, and the subjects are currently hammering hooks into the walls of the cell to hang up the mirrors. Subject -1 is terrible at it - seems to miss as often as he hits, meaning it's taking forever. Constant hammering is not helping anyone's nerves, especially subject - 3, whose shift it is to rest.

**Day 4**

> **0335**  
> Awake again, and on my observation shift with Dr Masrur, making sure no more than one subject sleeps at a time. When sleeping, subject -2 seems in the grip of nightmares, twitching and spasming. Could the infection be degrading motor control even while subjects are under watch from another host?  
>   
> Dr Masrur apologised again for spilling coffee on my draft logs. I've reassured her that it was an accident, but we will need to get a back-up team on this, as the lack of sleep is wearing us all down.
> 
> **1240**  
> Today's tests have been inconclusive. Subjects -1 and -2 have grown disruptive, failing to comply with some instructions. At one stage, subject -2 stood up in the middle of a test and lurched jerkily across the cell. Dr Masrur tells me he was shouting "I can't stop! Help!" Subject -3 is showing signs of agitation at this behaviour, and has been less cooperative than before. Any test results we have are probably compromised.
> 
> **1810**  
> Testing cancelled for the day. Subjects -1 and -2 are no longer compliant, sporadically staggering around the room with voices raised in alarm. According to Dr Masrur, the subjects appear to be conscious of their behaviour, but unable to exercise gross motor control. Dr Fletcher agrees that this appears to be a new stage of the infection. It has greatly alarmed subject -3, who keeps yelling at the other subjects to back away. Nothing we can do for him, of course, and I can sympathise with being stuck in a small room with two other people and no sleep.
> 
> **2125**  
> The back-up team arrives tomorrow to take over. We'll tell them to shorten the observer shifts - Dr Fletcher is so tired he can barely hold his pen straight, and I've given up on cutlery. The only good news is that subjects -1 and -2 have recovered some motor control, and are sitting still, or moving slowly and carefully. They've stopped shouting too, lapsing into a slurred drawl when they speak at all. Subject -3 is crouched in a corner of the cell, with the hammer from the mirror-hanging. He is glaring at the others and twitching, but I'll take that over the shouting. Not much longer to go, and then some rest.
> 
> **2345**  
> Oh shit. Shit shit shit. How the hell will I The experiment is terminated. The subjects are dead.
> 
> At approximately 2330, subject -3 started to fall asleep despite his best efforts. As he did so, subjects -1 and -2 stood up and advanced on him. Their movement was deliberate but controlled, and they repeated a single word - Dr Masrur translated it as "Look!". Subject -3 woke with a start, and backed further into the corner, clutching the hammer and yelling at them. But they kept coming, and when they got too close He was uncoordinated, but they were slow, and still clumsy. And he had the hammer.
> 
> We watched it all, and it seemed to take forever.
> 
> And then, as he stood there, slick with blood and shreds of tissue, we realised what would happen next.
> 
> His heaving chest froze. The hammer slid from a frozen hand. He fell, motionless.
> 
> We watched him suffocate in a room full of air.

**Day 5**

> **0010**  
> I've sent Masrur to get help. Fuck quarantine.
> 
> **0020**  
> Forgive me, Dr Richards. I need to record a containment breach of SCP-2136. We have been infected. Fletcher denies it, but he must have seen the subjects when letting the D Class in. I know he must have, because Fletcher looked away from me.
> 
> When I was nine, I fell into a river and almost drowned. This was worse. I was desperate to breathe. Frantic. And I could do nothing. There was no water to claw at, no gasping, just the knowledge that I was watching myself die. Helpless.
> 
> If he hadn't turned around, I would be dead. Thank god I froze looking at him, or we would both be dead. Would all be
> 
> **0030**  
> Dr Masrur made it as far as the hallway before she collappsed. Dr Fletcher and I stumbled out together to find her - we must look like a bad joke,, trying to keep each other in view, lumbering into doors. SHe didn't deserve this.
> 
> **0555**  
> Hafrd tio type now, even bedtween spasmsd. Its like sittimg in the paassenger seat ofv my brain, and someome edlse iws drivimg. Fledtcher is gettging worse too.
> 
> **1125**  
> He's watching me, I know it. If he wasn't, I would be dead. But I'm not watching him. If I don't turn around, he can't move, and he'll die, and then I'll die. So I've got about 5 minutes of typing, and then another 5. Good. The back-up team will be here in less than three hours, and we have to be dead by then. They can't find us alive - it has to die with us.
> 
> The spasms have finally worn off, and I still have some time before it takes me over, so I can type. A warning. This pathogen is more complex than we realised. We thought it was collecting electrical impulses just to feed, but it was storing them. To use. To drive us. Once it understands the muscles, it knows where to push, where to pull. Our consciousness, trapped in an electrical puppet made of flesh that is no longer ours to control. Talking is more complicated, but it can learn that too. I have been mumbling gibberish for hours. So has Dr Fletcher. And then he spoke.
> 
> "Look!" he said, staring at me avidly, "Look! Look! Look!" He started to shuffle towards me, and I didn't think. I closed my eyes.
> 
> And now I'm typing, and waiting for him to die, and trying to resist the urge to turn around. He wants me to look, but I can't. I can't look. I can't look. Icantlookicantlookicant
> 
> LOOOK

//<!\[CDATA\[ OZONE.dom.onDomReady(function(){ var tabView70cc9683280e6df14e8a44596e167d18 = new YAHOO.widget.TabView('wiki-tabview-70cc9683280e6df14e8a44596e167d18'); }, "dummy-ondomready-block"); //\]\]>

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). It is hypothesised that the transmission stage is sub-atomic in size, and is carried by individual photons reflected from the skin of an infected host, infecting the new host via the retina.

[2](javascript:;). Similarity between the effects of SCP-2136 pathogen and [SCP-2218](/scp-2218) instances have been noted. Investigation into whether the anomalous properties affecting SCP-2218 instances are an altered version of SCP-2136, or visa versa, is ongoing.

[3](javascript:;). This may indicate that the pathogen "feeds" on these impulses - cell samples containing functioning pathogen will be required to confirm this mechanism.