#page-content .collapsible-block { position: relative; padding: 0.5em; margin: 0.5em; box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: black; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align:center; } .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: center; color: dimgrey; } .collapsible-block-link { font-weight: bold; color: dimgrey; text-align: center; } .addendumbox { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; box-shadow:0 2px 5px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16),0 2px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.12); } .material-box { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; border: 1px lightgrey solid; box-shadow: 1px 2px 2px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16); } .material-box blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .wiki-content-table { width: 100%; } .addendumbox blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .addendumtitle { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; } .maintitle { margin-bottom: 10px; color: black; } .scp-header { text-align: center; font-size:x-large; color:#b01; } .addenda-header { width: 100%; border-bottom: 2px black solid; color: black; } .scp-info { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; font-size:large; } .scp-info-box { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; } .object-info { color:black; align-self: flex-end; font-size: large; } .title-style { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; font-size: large; text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; } .update-div-empty { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; color: lightgrey; } .update-div { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; } .computed { border: 1px black solid; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .computed:before { content:"Computed Code"; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .rawcode { border: black solid 1px; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .rawcode:before{ content:"Raw Code"; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .codebox { display: inline-block; width: 100%; text-align: center; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a em, .yui-navset .yui-nav a em{ padding: 0.25em .75em; top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected { margin: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:focus, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav a:focus { background: gainsboro; text-decoration: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a, .yui-navset .yui-navset-top .yui-nav a { background-color: none; background-image: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a { background: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav li{ margin: 0px; } #page-content .licensebox22 .collapsible-block { position: unset; padding: unset; margin: unset; box-shadow: unset; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align: left; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: left; color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-link { color: inherit; text-align: left; }

**Item #:** 2754

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** A disinformation campaign designating SCP-2754-1 as an advanced light projection has been disseminated. Due to the anomalous contents only being present during the second stage of the festival, no further procedures are necessary.

**Description:** SCP-2754 is a festival that takes place annually on August 3rd on Niue, a small island country in the Pacific. The festival revolves around the native inhabitants moving en masse towards the coastline and releasing paper lanterns into the sky. During the first half of the event, two select individuals named "Kākiāfūofi,"[1](javascript:;) will be carrying a unique lantern variant, and escorted by a group of natives, dubbed the "Puipui".[2](javascript:;) Within the lantern resides an origami figure in the form of a bird.

Once the inhabitants reach the Niue coastline, the latter half of the festival will begin. The Kākiāfūofi will tie the lantern to a helium-filled balloon. As this happens, the Puipui will enact a minor performance in preparation, which lasts for about seven minutes. When all preparations are finished, the Kākiāfūofi will pray before releasing the lantern into the air. Following this, the sky will turn to an abnormal purple hue (hereby referred to as SCP-2754-1).[3](javascript:;)

When the lanterns are out of sight, SCP-2754-1 will pulse a green, concentric pattern several times, the focal point being where the lantern was last seen. After this, the sky will return to the purple hue for the rest of the night, and the inhabitants will have officially ended the festival. The following day, the sky will show no evidence of the anomalous glow.

**Discovery:** SCP-2754 was discovered when Niue Island opened the festival to outsiders on 8/3/2012. Due to the rapidly growing tourist economy on the island, the Foundation dispatched one agent to attend the festival under the guise of a tourist.

* * *

**Addendum 2754-1:** Interview Log

[• Iosefa Interview •](javascript:;)

[○ Close Document ○](javascript:;)

**Dispatched Agents:**

*   Simon Jones

**Foreword:** As the festival is an annual occurrence, Jones was also tasked with interviewing the host of the festival. This individual has been identified as Mr. Iosefa Funaki. This interview was held a day prior to the festival.

* * *

**<Begin Log>**

_\[Simon Jones is approaching the doorstep of the Funaki home. There is shouting heard from within the home, followed by what sounds like an object being thrown on the floor. Jones finds the doorbell and presses it twice. He waits 45 seconds before pressing the doorbell twice again. Mr. Iosefa Funaki opens the door, looking at the ground.\]_

**Iosefa:** Fakaalofa atu ki a—

_\[Mr. Iosefa looks up, facing Jones and stops speaking for a few moments.\]_

**Iosefa:** Apologies. I thought you were from our island, but that doesn't appear to be so.

_\[Mr. Iosefa scratches his head.\]_

**Iosefa:** Are you tourists?

**Jones:** Yes, we've talked through email. We made plans to meet at your home so we could talk more about the festival since I'm going to be here for the event anyway.

_\[Mr. Iosefa smiles and gestures him to enter the home.\]_

**Iosefa:** Ah! Yes, yes, come in!

**Jones:** Thank you.

_\[Jones enters the Funaki home. He sees another individual in the home, who is later identified to be Mrs. Masina Funaki. There are several broken paper lanterns, a filled plate on the table accompanied by two empty ones, and stairs that lead to the second floor of the house.\]_

**Masina:** Mm?

**Iosefa:** Omapē falushē.

**Masina:** Ahh.

_\[Mrs. Masina faces the agent.\]_

**Masina:** Welcome. Feel free to take a seat. Sorry about the clutter… our kid's not in a great mood today.

**Jones:** \[_Nods_\] No worries, it's fine. Thank you.

_\[Jones takes a seat on the couch. He observes the area for a bit before Mr. Iosefa starts talking.\]_

**Iosefa:** Have you already eaten? There's some leftover food if you'd like.

**Jones:** No, thank you. I've already had lunch. Do you mind if I ask a few questions instead? I run a blogging site, you see.

**Iosefa:** Yes, of course, of course! What are your questions?

**Jones:** For starters… What's the festival about?

**Iosefa:** Ah, the festival is our way of paying respects to those who passed away. A somber event meant to remind ourselves of our loved ones — a remembrance day.

**Jones:** I see. Those paper lanterns— well, the broken ones anyway. Are they used for the festival?

**Iosefa:** Definitely. It's tradition to use paper lanterns and _only_ paper lanterns for the festival.

**Jones:** Is there a specific reason for this?

**Iosefa:** Honestly, not that I know of. It's been passed down over a hundred years, so it's been lost over time. But I still keep up the tradition. Just because the reason for something's been lost over the years doesn't mean you should change it.

**Jones:** Right. May I ask what the tradition is? Apart from the festival. I want to know more details about it.

**Iosefa:** I don't see why not.

_\[Mr. Iosefa pauses for a few seconds.\]_

**Iosefa:** Our family is actually very deeply rooted in the festival since we're the hosts. The oldest son — who caused all the mess you're seeing now — is meant to take up the role of the Kākiāfūofi alongside the father.

**Jones:** I see. About your son, I assume he's probably practicing how to make a paper lantern? The one he'll carry, at least. Since I've heard from others that the paper lantern is very important to the festival.

**Iosefa:** Yes! It's very important to the festival. In fact— Hold on, one second.

_\[Mr. Iosefa faces the stairs, he calls for his son. There is no response. A few seconds later, he calls from him again. A boy who seems around the age of 15 steps down the stairs. His expression is despondent.\]_

**Iosefa:** Lagi, come here. Make sure to greet the visitor.

**Lagi:** Hello.

**Iosefa:** Can you tell him what the Kākiāfūofi does, and what the lanterns are for?

_\[Lagi is unresponsive for a few seconds.\]_

**Lagi:** …they help those who've… recently passed. The lanterns are used to carry those people so they can be guided safely.

_\[Mr. Iosefa faces Jones.\]_

**Jones:** He seems a bit down, is he alright?

**Iosefa:** He's fine. Just a lot of stuff that's happened lately, not to mention… Nevermind.

**Jones:** …hopefully it gets better for him.

_\[Jones looks at Lagi and offers him a fist bump. Lagi responds in kind.\]_

**Jones:** Well, I think that's all the time I have for today. Thank you for letting me ask some questions about the festival, much less enter your home.

**Iosefa:** No worries! I hope you'll enjoy the festival. Do you mind if I get your name?

**Jones:** I go by Jones. Yours?

**Iosefa:** Iosefa. Let's see each other during the festival then!

**Jones:** Likewise.

_\[Jones leaves the house shortly after.\]_

**<End Log>**

* * *

**Addendum 2754-2:** Lagi Funaki

Due to Simon Jones being sent to Niue Island a few days prior to Mate Mū Oagā, Jones was given leisure time until the event. During this time, he explored the town and its surrounding area, meeting the son of Iosefa Funaki, Lagi Funaki, on its outskirts. The two individuals conversed; the following conversation was logged and transcribed.

[• Camera Recording Transcript •](javascript:;)

[○ Close Transcript ○](javascript:;)

**Involved Individuals:**

*   Simon Jones
*   Lagi Funaki

**Foreword:** The following conversation is not a formal interview, but has been logged due to its relation to Mate Mū Oagā. The conversation was recorded on a shoulder camera.

* * *

**<Begin Log>**

_\[Jones is sitting on the ground, his bag next to him. Lagi looks at Jones, then moves away slightly and faces the ground with his arms around his legs.\]_

**Lagi:** Why are you here?

**Jones:** Hm? _\[Facing Lagi\]_ Just exploring the town.

_\[Silence.\]_

**Jones:** Why are _you_ here?

**Lagi:** …no reason.

**Jones:** That can't be true. We're on the outskirts of town, being here for 'no reason' definitely isn't going to cut it.

_\[Lagi groans slightly, followed by another long silence.\]_

**Jones:** Are you alright? I remember seeing you with Mr. Iosefa. You didn't seem great back there.

**Lagi:** _\[Shaking head\]_ Mm mm.

**Jones:** Why's that?

_\[Silence.\]_

**Jones:** If you don't want to tell me, that's fine.

**Lagi:** …my brother.

**Jones:** Your brother?

**Lagi:** Mm.

**Jones:** What about him?

**Lagi:** Gone.

**Jones:** Gone?

_\[Lagi shakes his head. He buries it into his legs.\]_

**Jones:** …I see. I'm sorry.

**Lagi:** It's… alright.

**Jones:** Do you need some time alone?

**Lagi:** No… thank you. It's fine.

_\[Silence.\]_

**Lagi:** Can I ask you something?

**Jones:** Go ahead.

**Lagi:** Is it alright for me to be a Kākiāfūofi?

**Jones:** Why's that?

**Lagi:** My brother. He was the Kākiāfūofi. I… I really wanted to be a Kākiāfūofi, but because of tradition, I _couldn't_ be one. I just— I don't know.

_\[Jones doesn't respond.\]_

**Lagi:** I see… Sorry for asking.

_\[Jones grabs a bottle of water out of his bag. He offers it to Lagi.\]_

**Jones:** Don't be sorry. Here, have some water.

_\[Lagi grabs the bottle.\]_

**Jones:** If you ask me, I think you _should_ take the role of a Kākiāfūofi in his place.

**Lagi:** Why?

**Jones:** Would you be alright with someone else taking that spot?

**Lagi:** …no.

**Jones:** There. Then that leaves you. You're the only one fit to take the role — no, you _should_ take the role.

_\[Silence for a few seconds.\]_

**Jones:** I'm sure your brother would like it if you're the one to guide him, after all.

**Lagi:** Maybe.

_\[Jones smiles.\]_

**Jones:** What do you think about the festival?

**Lagi:** I don't know. It's cool?

**Jones:** What else?

_\[Silence. Jones shifts in place, facing Lagi.\]_

**Jones:** How about this. What do you think about the lights in the sky?

**Lagi:** They're nice.

**Jones:** Is that all?

**Lagi:** …dad always said 'they're special'.

**Jones:** In what way?

**Lagi:** They're lights of appreciation.

**Jones:** Do you think your brother would appreciate you taking his place?

**Lagi:** …maybe.

**Jones:** Then why don't you find out?

_\[Silence.\]_

**Lagi:** Is that alright?

**Jones:** I'm sure it is. He's your brother, after all.

**Lagi:** Then… I'll try— I'll try to find out.

_\[Jones smiles.\]_

**Jones:** Good.

_\[Jones stands up. He grabs his bag and places it around his shoulder.\]_

**Jones:** Now, I'm afraid I have to get going. I want to prepare for the festival tomorrow, after all.

**Lagi:** Oh.

**Jones:** Don't be so down. We'll see each other at the festival. So let's meet each other then. Yeah?

**Lagi:** Yeah.

**Jones:** Perfect. See you then.

_\[Jones walks towards the town. Lagi waves at him as he leaves.\]_

**<End Log>**

* * *

**Addendum 2754-3:** Mate Mū Oagā

The following day, Simon Jones was instructed to attend Mate Mū Oagā and record SCP-2754-1. The festival went by with no difficulty, and SCP-2754-1 was recorded without issue. No further occurrences happened after the event. However, recent studies into SCP-2754-1 has shown the pulses being an easily-decrypted telecommunication method similar to Morse code. The following message has been recovered from SCP-2754-1.

**Thank you, Lagi.**

  
An additional expedition has been planned in order to ascertain whether or not this occurrence is common.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). There is no direct translation to this, however, it is believed that the word implies a similar meaning to 'carrier' or 'bearer'.

[2](javascript:;). Similar to Kākiāfūofi, there appears to be no direct translation of this word. However, it is believed this word implies a meaning similar to 'protector'.

[3](javascript:;). This anomalous event seems constrained to Niue, and cannot be seen from nearby islands.