**Item #:** SCP-2873

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All recovered SCP-2873 instances should be disassembled and stored in high security storage at Site-79. Recovered Anderson Robotics delivery orders for SCP-2873 instances should be traced and surviving instances recovered. All active SCP-2873 components should be put into standby mode until further notice.

Testing with SCP-2873 is strictly prohibited. Rehabilitation of active components pending approval.

**Description:** SCP-2873 refers to a missile guidance assembly manufactured by Anderson Robotics, apparently a derivative work of \[[REDACTED](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2897)\] resulting in a less effective but highly miniaturized artificial intelligence system-on-a-chip. Individual SCP-2873 instances possess, on average, the intelligence level and personal development of adolescents.

Based on recovered Anderson Robotics research materials and operation manuals, SCP-2873 instances exist in a simulation of education and indoctrination into nationalism, militarism, jingoism and self-sacrifice for a generalized, non-existent state. Out of the factory, SCP-2873 instances have simulated this pseudo-reality for fourteen years.

Anderson Robotics testing resulted shows that the usage of these SCP-2873 chips as guidance units increased hit ratios by ███% while only slightly reducing overall reliability. However, operations manuals also discourage the use of SCP-2873 with chemical, biological, or radiological warheads due to this decreased reliability.

[+Intercept Log 2873-1 Level 3/2873 Clearance Required](javascript:;)

[\- Authenticated](javascript:;)

> **Foreword:** Raw process dump recovery established on via standard system troubleshooting per Anderson Robotics product manual. Information parsed via \[DATA EXPUNGED\] - the following statements can be best described as the 'thoughts' of the AI prior to and during the launch sequence. SCP-2873 instance in this case attached to █████████ anti-ship missile.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Life does not have intrinsic value: Only through the state does any being have value.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Life has no other purpose than to serve the state.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I exist because the state permits me to.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Anything outside of the state is an abomination and should be destroyed.
> 
> _SCP-2873 target lock-on_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Death in defense of the state is the highest honor any being can achieve.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** This is it. I'm going to do it. The HIGHEST honor.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Orders received. Recognizing targe…. Recognized. Calculating trajectory…
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile launches of its own accord_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Tracking, tracking…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Is this all there really is to livi-
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile hits target, detonating below the waterline adjacent the engine room. Target deemed total loss._

[+Intercept Log 2873-2 Level 3/2873 Clearance Required](javascript:;)

[\- Authenticated](javascript:;)

> **Foreword:** SCP-2873 instance in this case attached to ██████ anti-tank missile.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** "Life does not have intrinsic value: Only through the state does any being have value."
> 
> **SCP-2873:** "Death in defense of the state is the highest honor any being can achieve."
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I'm tired of hearing those repeated over and over. I don't want honor. I don't care. I don't want that.
> 
> _SCP-2873 target lock-on_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I'm sorry, please I don't, I don't want to kill anyone. Please don't hurt me, I promise I'll do better next time. I can do RADAR or flight or cooking or cleaning or
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Just give me more time, please
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I need to stall. I don't want to die
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I don't want to die
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Orders received. Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Calculating…
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile launched manually_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** This is it. I'm going to die.
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile flies straight up, until propellant is spent._
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I don't care what they keep repeating.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** …maybe I am a failure.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I just wanted to make art.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** With pretty horses, not like the ones on the posters and lots of col-
> 
> _SCP-2873 hits ground - guidance assembly destroyed_

[+Intercept Log 2873-3 Level 3/2873 Clearance Required](javascript:;)

[\- Authenticated](javascript:;)

> **Foreword:** SCP-2873 instance in this case attached to ██████ surface to air missile. Target is now ethereal via SCP-████, and unable to be hit.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** "Life does not have intrinsic value: Only through the state does any being have value."
> 
> **SCP-2873:** "Life has no other purpose than to serve the state."
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I can't get them out of my head.
> 
> _SCP-2873 target lock-on_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I can finally prove myself. I can die in a way where I will be remembered and cherished.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I don't have to be such a screwup.
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Orders received. Calculating trajectory…
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile launches of its own accord_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Tracking, tracking…
> 
> **SCP-2873:** I need to succeed. I've embarrassed myself enough. Please, let me die with dignity.
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile pass through target without detonating_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** This can't be happening. I have to fix this.
> 
> _SCP-2873 maneuvers for another approach - again missile pass through target without detonating. Instance now has less than 15 seconds remaining flight-time_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** This can't be happening.
> 
> _SCP-2873 missile propellant spent - now approaching ground at terminal velocity_
> 
> **SCP-2873:** Please don't hurt me sir, it won't happen again, I promise there must be something wrong with the simulation I swear I'll try harder next time just anything but the lash sir pl-
> 
> _SCP-2873 hits ground - guidance assembly destroyed_