authors note:

(this document regards

a selfcontained anomaly.

if you have been assigned to this

it was an error.

this isnt a joke.

welcome.)

* * *

3183
====

what are we, but the

somethings in the back of our minds

and the depths of our hearts

* * *

class safe
==========

though i know

it s not my lot

to be protected

though i know

it s not my lot

to be joyous

though i know

it s not my lot

to be known by all

there is longing

where there is duty;

yet i stay  
my  
hand.

* * *

containment
===========

the city became too big for me

and within it i was lost

the cars were too f a s t

t  
a  
l  
scrapers too l

for me to call my home.

i sought  
(and i found)  
(they gave)

asmallplaceforme

where i can:

*   think

and i can:

*   breathe,

and i can:

*   be

*   to

*   myself

and this — this i call my home.

* * *

description of the self
=======================

id.

ego.

superego.

i am the center
---------------

where you are not i am

where you are i am not.

in your heart

in your mind

in your soul

and i am every-one

and i am no-one

comfortable nothing
-------------------

where you hurt—

where you fear—

i follow.

for i am  
perserverant

for i am  
unparalyzed

for i am  
the absence  
you need

d o you know
------------

w here you go

when the

s t a t i c

c l o s e s

in

and you cant handle it anymore and you cant be here anymore and you just want to take a fucking break

and your movements

stop being yours

and your words

arent yours

and your body

sure as hell

isnt yours

hello  
  
  
  
hello  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

hello.  
.

[.](javascript:;)

[.](javascript:;)

* * *

The Road Not Taken
==================

we would talk

you and me

in the quiet

in the dark  
  
  
  
  
you would talk

of thoughts you'd thunk

and i would share

the things i'd done  
  
  
  
  
and in the night

we closed our eyes

and we were stupid and unwise

and in the night

we fell asleep

and felt at peace.  
  
  
  
  
we would fight

you and me

when the sun rose

in the sky  
  
  
  
  
you would yell

and call me hurtful

and i would sit

and be abused  
  
  
  
  
and in the day

i walked away

and you forgot our yesterday

and to this day

we talk no more

and we are fine.  
  
  
  
  
i hope you miss me  
  
  
  
  
but i know you dont.

* * *