**Item #:** SCP-3679

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The kit containing SCP-3679 is to be stored in a standard object containment locker. Tests utilizing SCP-3679 must be carried out or approved by a level 3 researcher assigned to SCP-3679.

Investigation into the identity and location of PoI-3679 is currently underway. The online storefront maintained by PoI-3679 is to be monitored and any newly identified customers are to be located and amnesticized after their purchases are confiscated.

**Description:** SCP-3679 is an unbranded ballpoint pen purchased online as a part of a writing kit. Chemical analysis shows the contents of SCP-3679 to be natural non-anomalous red ink. Despite this, tests have indicated that any writing done with SCP-3679 results in a blend of ink and the writer's own blood being used; no test subjects have displayed any discomfort or injury that would otherwise explain this, and prolonged use of SCP-3679 has failed to result in any noticeable differences in blood pressure or other such factors.

Statements written with SCP-3679 are contractually binding: violating a claim or promise written with SCP-3679 invariably results in the writer's injury or death occurring within the following 24 hours. Causes of death have included non-anomalous factors (e.g. heart failure or accidental death) as well as anomalous factors (e.g. spontaneous human combustion or unprovoked decapitation). Those bound by a contract written with SCP-3679 have an innate understanding of the penalties for violating said contract, and as such, show a notable unwillingness to violate their terms.

SCP-3679 was purchased from seller "shadow-queen", designated PoI-3679, through the popular online marketplace Etsy.com after a routine scan indicated potential anomalous activity based on the reviews left on PoI-3679's store. SCP-3679 was originally a part of a kit marketed as a "Do-it-Yourself Geas[1](javascript:;) Kit", which contained SCP-3679, a pad of fifty non-anomalous sheets of paper, and a note from the seller.

[Document-3679](javascript:;)

[\- close document](javascript:;)

> Do-it-Yourself Geas Kit
> 
> Tired of broken promises? Rival hero stealing all your thunder?  
> Create your own geas today!
> 
> Forbid them from cutting their hair, prohibit them from refusing a gift!  
> Make them do anything you can think of with this simple kit!  
> All you have to do is get them to sign!
> 
> WARNING: Seller is not responsible for any injury or death caused as a result of this kit.

Initial attempts at making contact with PoI-3679 were rejected. After leaving a one-star review of the purchased kit, PoI-3679 initiated correspondence with Senior Researcher Maxwell, head researcher assigned to SCP-3679.

[Chat Log 3679](javascript:;)

[\- close log](javascript:;)

> **shadow-queen:** hey asshole  
> **shadow-queen:** wtf is with the one star rating  
> **rjmaxwell:** Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to.  
> **shadow-queen:** look  
> **shadow-queen:** dont play dumb  
> **shadow-queen:** this is because iwas ignoring you right  
> **rjmaxwell:** Are you referring to the review that was left on your product?  
> **shadow-queen:** uhhhh i literally just said that  
> **shadow-queen:** look buddy  
> **shadow-queen:** im just trying to make a living here  
> **rjmaxwell:** I see.  
> **shadow-queen:** then take down the review wtf  
> **rjmaxwell:** That could be arranged, if you're willing to answer a few questions for me.  
> **shadow-queen:** jesus christ this is blackmail  
> **shadow-queen:** you know that right  
> **rjmaxwell:** Just a few questions.  
> **shadow-queen:** fine just ask the damn questions  
> **rjmaxwell:** Are you aware of the anomalous properties in the pen you shipped us?  
> **shadow-queen:** uhh  
> **shadow-queen:** thats kind of the point?  
> **shadow-queen:** how useless would a geas pen be if it didn't form a geas lmao  
> **shadow-queen:** look i run an honest business  
> **shadow-queen:** what you see is what you get  
> **shadow-queen:** and its bastards like you that ruin people like me when you leave jank reviews  
> **rjmaxwell:** I'll remove it after we conclude this interview.  
> **rjmaxwell:** Follow-up question. Where did you obtain the anomalous pen?  
> **shadow-queen:** i made it  
> **shadow-queen:** you do know how this website works right  
> **rjmaxwell:** You made the anomalous pen? Would you care to share how you did that?  
> **shadow-queen:** trade secret  
> **shadow-queen:** even if i told you you probably couldnt reproduce it  
> **shadow-queen:** ive been doing this for a while  
> **rjmaxwell:** And you've sold a lot of pens?  
> **shadow-queen:** enough  
> **shadow-queen:** its not just pens  
> **shadow-queen:** weve got more stuff on the way  
> **shadow-queen:** check out the rest of my shop  
> **shadow-queen:** or actually dont since youll probably leave shitty reviews  
> **rjmaxwell:** Would you be willing to provide us a list of your customers?  
> **shadow-queen:** no. im pretty sure thats illegal anyway  
> **shadow-queen:** ive got work to do so can we wrap this up  
> **shadow-queen:** im sure youve got other skips to deal with anyway  
> **rjmaxwell:** What do you mean by "skip"?  
> **shadow-queen:** lol  
> **shadow-queen:** i think were done here  
> **shadow-queen:** dont bother contacting me again  
> **shadow-queen:** unless you want to give me back [my spear](http://www.scp-wiki.net/log-of-anomalous-items)  
> **shadow-queen:** and take down that shitty review  
> **shadow-queen:** or else

PoI-3679 ended communication after this, leading Foundation personnel to attempt to track them by IP. After locating an IP address, agents were dispatched with orders to capture PoI-3679 if possible. When agents arrived at the location derived from the traced IP address[2](javascript:;), they found only a small copse of trees showing no signs of human habitation. Field agents have been assigned to observe this location until further notice.

Any customers that had left reviews on SCP-3679 have been located and amnesticized, with duplicate kits being incinerated.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). **geas** (/geSH/) _noun:_ (in Irish folklore) an obligation or prohibition magically imposed on a person.

[2](javascript:;). Located on the Isle of Skye in Northern Scotland.