  
**Item #:** SCP-3705

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-3705's cape and the cassette tapes found at the site of SCP-3705's neutralization are to be contained in standard containment lockers.

**Description:** SCP-3705 was an approximately 1.8 meter tall, animate scarecrow composed of wood and straw. SCP-3705 was outfitted with a straw hat, a white shirt, and a green floral-print cape worn around its neck. SCP-3705 possessed multiple scorch marks on its body and clothing, and SCP-3705's clothing was torn in various locations. SCP-3705 was capable of sight and hearing despite having possessed no discernible organs or mechanisms that enabled these senses.

Eight arachnoid legs composed of wood were attached to SCP-3705's torso, measuring approximately 1.25 meters. Each of SCP-3705's legs have joints that appear to have been created via infliction of damage to each leg, as each leg appeared to have been forcefully bent from a previously straight structure into its jointed structure. At the end of each leg was a hole of unknown depth. SCP-3705 was capable of expelling water from each of these holes. It is unknown how the water SCP-3705 expelled was acquired.

On 3/27/2004, SCP-3705 was discovered by the Foundation when SCP-3705's appearance was reported at a forest fire located at \[REDACTED\] by undercover operatives working as helicopter pilots for local news stations. MTF Epsilon-14 ("Out of the Frying Pan") was deployed to contain SCP-3705. SCP-3705 ignited and was destroyed before MTF Epsilon-14 reached SCP-3705's location.

During further inspection after the fire was extinguished, a cardboard box was found at the area of SCP-3705's neutralization. Within the box were 17 video cassette tapes and the cape worn by SCP-3705. The cassette tapes contained videos showing footage of various events involving SCP-3705. A title for each cassette tape was written on a piece of masking tape attached to each cassette tape.

[▼ Show Cassette Tape Content ▼](javascript:;)

[▲ Hide Cassette Tape Content ▲](javascript:;)

Title

Event

Notes

_1 - A Hero's Beginnings_

SCP-3705 approaches and waters a sunlit field of soil by expelling water from its legs.

SCP-3705 is not wearing its cape. Burn marks are not present on SCP-3705, and holes are not present on SCP-3705's clothing.

_2 - A Gardener's Duties_

The setting is identical to that of _1_. SCP-3705 faces towards the field motionless. A northern cardinal (_Cardinalis cardinalis_) descends from above and attempts to eat a seed beneath the soil. SCP-3705 approaches the northern cardinal, and it flies away from SCP-3705.

_3 - A Gardener's Triumph_

The setting is identical to that of _1_ and _2_. Fully grown sunflowers (_Helianthus annuus_) are present within the field of soil. SCP-3705 waters them.

_4 - A Gardener's Woe_

The setting is identical to that of _1_, _2_, and _3_. Strong wind and rain are present. All of the sunflowers are uprooted by the wind. SCP-3705 approaches the field from off-screen. SCP-3705 inspects the scene before kneeling. It is believed that this is an expression of sorrow.

_5 - A Hero's Atonement_

SCP-3705 waters a field of soil in a different location than in _1_, _2_, _3_, and _4_.

SCP-3705 begins wearing its cape.

_6 - A Hero's Duties_

The setting is identical to that of _5_. Strong wind and rain, similar to the wind and rain in _4_, are present. Marigolds (_Calendula officinalis_) are growing within the field. SCP-3705 kneels over the marigolds furthest towards the direction the wind is blowing from.

_7 - A Hero's Triumph_

The setting is identical to that of _5_ and _6_. SCP-3705 is in the same position as it was in _6_. SCP-3705 leaves its position to inspect the field. No marigolds are in a considerably worse condition than they were in _6_.

_8 - A Hero's Help_

SCP-3705 approaches seven potted tulips (_Tulipa gesneriana_) on the grass overshadowed by a nearby tree. SCP-3705 carries each pot away from the shade of the tree to a sunlit area on the grass.

_9 - A Hero's Protection_

The setting is identical to that of _8_. A branch on the tree in _8_ detaches from the tree and falls towards the potted tulips. SCP-3705 appears from off-screen and strikes the falling branch with its legs, causing the branch to land away from the tulips.

_10 - A Hero's Condolences_

SCP-3705 walks past the front of a house and enters the backyard of the house. Within the backyard is a garden containing angelonia (_Angelonia angustifolia_), cosmos (_Cosmos bipinnatus_), and snapdragons (_Antirrhinum majus_), each of which show signs of dilapidation. SCP-3705 waters the garden.

Analysis of the house indicates that it was inhabited by Terrence Marley, who passed away on 3/6/2004 at the age of 62.

_11 - A Hero's Mettle_

The setting is identical to that of _10_. SCP-3705 monitors the garden. Six Canada geese (_Branta canadensis_) approach the garden from off-screen. SCP-3705 approaches the geese to ward them off. The geese do not leave. SCP-3705 moves closer to the geese, at which point the geese begin honking and fly towards SCP-3705. The geese land upon and begin pecking at SCP-3705.

_12 - A Hero's Reward_

The setting is identical to that of _10_ and _11_. SCP-3705 is laying upon the ground. SCP-3705 stands up and inspects the garden. All plants are in the same condition they were in _11_.

Holes are now present on SCP-3705's clothing.

_13 - A Hero's Gesture_

A male child and a female child water a garden of pasture roses (_Rosa carolina_) using watering cans. Both children expend their can's supply of water, place their can on the ground, and walk off-screen. SCP-3705 approaches the cans and refills them.

_14 - A Hero's Life_

SCP-3705 enters a burning house through its open patio door. SCP-3705 enters a dining room and maneuvers past burning furniture to reach a staircase. SCP-3705 ascends the staircase, parts of its body and clothes igniting as it does. As SCP-3705 reaches the top of the staircase, it expels highly pressurized water at itself to douse the flames on its body and clothing. SCP-3705 enters what appears to be a child's bedroom almost completely engulfed in flames. SCP-3705 begins to approach a potted carnation (_Dianthus caryophyllus_) placed upon a window sill facing the entrance to the room. As SCP-3705 moves towards it, a burning ceiling fan falls from the ceiling and lands in front of SCP-3705. As SCP-3705 steps backwards, a large portion of the ceiling collapses. A part of the collapsed ceiling lands on the carnation, bringing it to the floor. SCP-3705 is unharmed by the collapse of the ceiling, and climbs over the wreckage of the ceiling and begins digging through it. SCP-3705 continues digging until the siren of a firetruck is heard. SCP-3705 leaves the room.

Burn marks are present on SCP-3705 after SCP-3705 reaches the top of the staircase.

_15 - A Gardener's Requiem_

SCP-3705 stands in front of the house in _14_, the fire now extinguished. Placed in the grass in front of SCP-3705 is a cross constructed out of twigs. The twigs are bound to each other by a sunflower (_Helianthus annuus_) grown near the cross, wrapping around the two twigs.

SCP-3705 is no longer wearing its cape.

_16 - A Gardener's Choice_

SCP-3705 walks up a hill. Smoke billows in the distance to the right of SCP-3705. SCP-3705 turns to the right and sees a forest fire.

_17 - A Hero's Fervor_

This tape depicts the events leading up to and during SCP-3705's neutralization. SCP-3705 runs through the burning forest. During this time, the Foundation is alerted to SCP-3705 presence, and MTF Epsilon-14 is deployed and sent to the forest. SCP-3705 reaches an area completely engulfed in flames. SCP-3705 expels highly pressurized water into the fire, creating an opening in the fire. SCP-3705 continues running through the opening, extinguishing any fire that comes near. SCP-3705 arrives at a large field of early dog-violets (_Viola reichenbachiana_) that the fire has not reached. SCP-3705 quickly waters the violets. As SCP-3705 finishes watering the violets, the fire reaches the field. The field is quickly engulfed in flames. Due to unknown reasons, the violets are not visibly damaged by the fire. SCP-3705 moves to the middle of the field and attempts to fend off the fire by expelling highly pressurized water into it, but fails to extinguish the fire. SCP-3705 ignites and is completely engulfed in flames. SCP-3705 remains motionless as it burns. The view of SCP-3705 is obscured by flames as the video ends.

SCP-3705 is wearing its cape throughout the video. The field of violets in the video disappeared following SCP-3705's neutralization. The cause of its disappearance has been determined as not due to the fire, as the area in which the violets existed shows no signs of fire-related damage.

The following message was found written on the inside of the cape with black ink.

[▼ Show Message ▼](javascript:;)

[▲ Hide Message ▲](javascript:;)

> You have the tapes
> 
> That show this guardian's cause
> 
> Not all heroes wear capes
> 
> But this one does
> 
> [Are We Cool Yet?](http://www.scp-wiki.net/are-we-cool-yet-hub)