**Item #:** SCP-3967

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Testing on SCP-3967 is not to be carried out except with the written consent of no less than two Level 3 clearance personnel assigned to the project.

Excepting periods of testing, SCP-3967 is to remain disconnected from any source of power, with the magnetic data storage tape disconnected and held in a climate-controlled containment facility.

Any response cards collected during testing are to be logged and stored in a secured locker.

**Description:** SCP-3967 is a MW-288 model computing device built in 1967 by the Mazursky Computing Company, utilizing a variant of the Tehlirian-Cassidy utility-maximization algorithm.

When operating, SCP-3967 is capable of answering verbal questions regarding optimal courses of action regarding the well-being of the operator or the community of the operator. No audio recording or measuring device has been found in the circuitry of SCP-3967. SCP-3967 does not contain internal sensors, nor does it appear to have any means of collecting external data for analysis. The origins of these capabilities are unclear.

SCP-3967 provides responses in the form of answers printed on 15 cm x 20 cm card stock, deposited in a receptacle located on the outside of the unit casing. Response cards provided by SCP-3967 have not been observed to have any compulsive or memetic effect. All responses received since containment have been in the form of impersonal commands, and have not included either first or second person pronouns.

SCP-3967 was discovered in a dedicated room in the main building of the New Sunshine Commune, a community of 157 persons established in Pollensbee, CA, in 1968. During containment, it was determined that SCP-3967 was powered by a generator that had been modified to run on flax seed oil.

According to log sheets, between 1968 and 1971, SCP-3967 was operated by ██████ ████ Addison and ████████ Moonbeam (née Burnley), two members of the New Sunshine Commune.

[Discovery Log of SCP-3967](javascript:;)

[Close Window](javascript:;)

On 27/01/1971 Pollensbee police officers ██████ ████ and █████ ███████ responded to complaints of foul smells and large numbers of feral dogs coming from the New Sunshine Commune. The compound of the group consisted of 5 communal living buildings (including 2 geodesic domes), 4 barns; 1 common area, including a kitchen, dining room, and stage; and assorted smaller buildings. Upon arrival, officers found the front door of the common room building open.

Officers reported that several feral dogs were present in the landing, all moving to or from the building's common room. Upon entering the common room, officers found the bodies of 48 members of the Commune. All bodies bore signs of extreme hand-to-hand violence, with trauma exacerbated by feral dogs feeding on the remains. 10 bodies were killed in what appeared to have been a ritualistic fashion. According to post-mortem analysis, individuals had been deceased less than one week.

Upon discovery of the 48 unburied bodies, Foundation agents were dispatched to oversee the investigation, with Officers ████ and ███████ being administered a class-H amnestic.

Over the next four weeks, the bodies of all members of the Commune were located on or around the primary building. The most common causes of death were starvation or malnutrition (87 instances) and violence (56 instances), with remaining causes of death unverifiable, due to cremation of remains.

Most of the bodies on the property of the Commune had been buried, with 13 being cremated and identified through dental records. Exactly two hundred feet south of the altar, the bodies of 38 members of the Commune were found in a mass grave. Analysis indicated that all died or were in the process of dying of malnutrition when buried.

In the center of the southernmost geosdisic dome on the compound, officers found a large altar constructed from wood, wire, flax, and bone of human and animal origin. The altarpiece was covered in a thick layer of ash, later determined to be burnt books from the compound's library.

The library itself contained only four books: _Siddhartha_ by Herman Hesse, _On The Road_ by Jack Kerouac, _The Bloodstream Sermon_ (attrib. Bodhidharma), and _One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest_ by Ken Kesey. The text of all four books had been significantly revised by unknown means to include first person interludes.

All beds in the living quarters of the Commune were discovered to have been torn apart, with springs and cotton being repurposed for the creation of small images of SCP-3967. Foundation agents found over 18,000 such images of varying size during the search of the compound.

At the time of discovery, all agricultural activity on the Commune was directed towards the production of flax. All food storage areas contained over 900 kg of flax seed, but no other foodstuffs.

[Addendum 3967-O-893-L: Collected letters of Thomas "Woody" de Boer](javascript:;)

[Close window](javascript:;)

Members of the New Sunlight Commune frequently sent letters to Mother Earth Journal, a counterculture hybrid magazine and catalog popular which frequently printed letters and correspondence between subscribers. However, by the end of 1968, the majority of communards had ceased correspondence, both with the Mother Earth Journal and the outside world at large. The sole member of the commune who continued to write was Thomas de Boer, who joined in late summer 1968.

de Boer's correspondence with the Journal appeared in an estimated 75,000 printed issues of the Mother Earth Journal prior to his disappearance, during which time the Foundation was not aware of any anomalous activity associated with SCP-3967 or the New Sunshine Commune. Upon discovery of SCP-3967, and its connection with de Boer's letters, it was determined that seizure of all existing copies of the Mother Earth Journal mentioning SCP-3967 would be both logistically and financially impossible. Instead, Researcher ██████-█████ was assigned the task of maintaining correspondence under the guise as de Boer to allay any suspicions regarding the New Sunshine Commune and the fate of its members. Researcher ██████-█████ maintained correspondence as de Boer for nine months, ceasing with the closure of the Mother Earth Journal in January, 1972.

> **Date:** 19/08/1968  
> **Recipient:** Mother Earth Journal  
> **Text:** Greetings, friends, colleagues and fellow wanderers,
> 
> For those of you who still make the choice to live in the city, in systems that binds and destroy you, I bring good news from the other side! Everything you have read about living off the land is true. A few months ago, I joined some friends inland at the New Sunshine Commune. The only rules were love one another and no ego! It's been beautiful so far. Waking up at the crack of dawn to do weeding and fertilizing. Wholesome food with people that you see every day. Conversations about life and truth, without any of the distractions of a TV or a radio. Nights smoking and looking up at the stars and just wondering. It's the first time in my life that I've felt like a complete, realized human being, living my true potential.
> 
> We even have a souped-up computer here. It helps with things like calculating crop planting and yields. I think there's something so powerful in that - this tool, once used to rain death on civilians and calculate yields on dumping toxins into the water, is freed and allowed to fulfill its true purpose: to serve man. When we stop serving tools, and allow tools to serve us instead, it's incredible what you can feel.
> 
> I can't even begin to explain just how alive all of this feels. It's like we're finally living our lives as they were meant to be lived. No more being some endless point on a command chain, receiving and obeying commands. Here everyone knows one another, cares for one another. No more uniform grey concrete and black glass - here, it's nothing but rich greens and the hues of the vegetables we grow. I know I'm preaching to the choir here, but if you are on the fence, don't hesitate. Feel the soil beneath your feet, feel the love of your fellow man. Turn away from the fire and the death outside. Find your people, and they will take care of you. Liberate yourself.
> 
> Love and Peace from Your Friend,  
> Woody

> **Date:** 01/12/1968  
> **Recipient:** Mother Earth Journal  
> **Text:** Greetings, friends, colleagues and fellow wanderers,
> 
> When you discard hierarchy, you necessarily have to discard ego. It's hard to unlearn decades of programming that tell us that we have to strive to be the first, the best, the top. We learn competition, not cooperation. It's difficult to see yourself not as some psychologically fragmented automaton, following and giving commands, but as an integrated part of the greater whole. We learn it from the soil and all the microorganisms within it. We speak it in our decision making through consensus. We see it in crops, fixing, reducing, supplying, aiding one another. We live it in our community every day.
> 
> Of course, any system needs regulation. That's what makes it a system. For that, you can't just rely on people all trying to unlearn ego at the same time. You need a neutral arbiter, a Comprehensive Designer. Something that can love without ego and can create systems where we can all flourish. That's where we have the computer.
> 
> I don't know the specifics of how it actually works, but it gives out advice that brings us together. Just like how it is a collection of systems which all interrelate and speak to one another, it teaches us how we're all interconnected as well. There's just something so powerful in seeing your tools remade to encourage a more loving, connected world. By living a better world, we can create a revolution of the soul which will go beyond whatever any political program can hope to achieve. Eventually the rest of the world will understand too.
> 
> Love and peace,  
> Woody

> **Date:** 11/02/1969  
> **Recipient:** Mother Earth Journal  
> **Text:** Greetings, friends, colleagues and fellow wanderers,
> 
> Isn't it wild the kind of tricks that ego plays on people? They feel so threatened when they see people living more honestly and freely than them that they'll do anything in their power to stop the truth. The pure tragedy, of being so cramped and repressed that you would rather mock the truth of the prophet than open yourself to love, is heartbreaking.
> 
> For example, some of the locals have been breaking into the Commune at night. Sometimes they break equipment. Once they uprooted some cabbage we were growing. Somehow, they've been getting into the library and replacing the books with gag versions or something. I can't believe how petty and close-minded they are.
> 
> But that's all it is, isn't it? That's where the SDS[1](javascript:;) and the Black Panthers and all those folks go wrong - they try to push people onboard. Talk about mass movements, like we're all faceless automatons, one as good as the next. Instead, they miss that the consciousness revolution may pass some by, like Japanese soldiers still waiting on Pacific islands.
> 
> And when those soldiers come out, you have to be ready. When the community is threatened, you have to come together. In a lot of ways, the SDS and all those political folks are even less trustworthy than the outsiders; at least the outsiders will try to destroy you openly, not just sabotage you from within. I am disappointed that I don't see basic necessities like barbed wire or rifles in this catalog. People want to leave you vulnerable, then let you get crushed. But the computer doesn't allow that. It takes all the information and tells us where to defend. Honestly, get yourselves a Mazursky rather than this catalog. You have to fight and defend what is yours against those ignorant hordes outside.
> 
> Woody

> **Date:** 24/06/1969  
> **Recipient:** Mother Earth Journal  
> **Text:** Do you remember the first time that you used the _I Ching_[2](javascript:;) and for one moment as you flung the coins, you could feel the energy of the universe guiding them? The systems of air pressure and energy and cosmic love all leading everything into its own place right on the ground. The energy and the vitality pushes and pulls you into these complex patterns that you can never explain, only _know_.
> 
> You can feel the push and pull of the energy we have built here. It's in the ways that our radishes and flax grow in the own particular patterns. It's in the books, where the words have begun to rearrange themselves to speak to us. It's in the way that the computer provides us with everything we need to live and to understand.
> 
> It's beautiful, it really is. We've set it up in such a way that we hardly ever need to see the outsiders. You can tell by the way that they look at us, they want to snuff out what we have here. They will always try to destroy you, rather than understand the slightest bit of new information. They hate us and envy us. They want to come and destroy our loving flow, contaminating everything with their rot and ignorance. Some of them might have even started posing as us. We need to keep vigilant and keep them out
> 
> But it is the computer that keeps us whole and unpolluted and tells us how to stop them. One day, we will burn this city to the ground and incorporate it into our flow.
> 
> **Note:** Letter was rejected for printing by Mother Earth Journal.

> **Date:** 01/12/1969  
> **Recipient:** Lawrence "Larry" Ionescu  
> **Text:** Larry, you have to help me. They threw me out. Said I wasn't one of them, that I made them unclean. I can't stay here & will try to hitch hike to San Fransisco. If I make it, I'll meet you at the St. Francis Fountain at midnight when the moon is full. I love you.  
> Woody

> **Date:** 16/07/1970  
> **Recipient:** Lawrence "Larry" Ionescu  
> **Text:** I'm going back. I've tried to adjust. I've done all the spiritual crap and tried therapy. I've tried other communes. I even tried getting on the jesus (sic) train. none of it worked at all.
> 
> Everything here feels flat and dead, like rags nailed to a board. I am alone, even with you. All I can do is drop acid and smoke pot and try to remember what it feels like to be in that living place, where you are surrounded by joy and know that everything works out because you are guided by a steady hand that loves you and only wants the best for you.
> 
> I don't know what will happen to me when I return. I don't care. They threw me out before and called me a traitor. By the time I left, things had gotten pretty bad. I'm going anyway. The love that I felt suffused everything, and even if I end up in a bad way, it will be like the ecstasy of Saint Teresa, not this dull pain everywhere. I hope that one day you will visit and not even recognize me and I will be whole and full of the sun and its love for all things.
> 
> Love,  
> Woody

**Note:** Dental records indicate that Mr. de Boer was one of the 38 bodies interred in the mass grave.

[Addendum 3967-j-e25-M: Partial log of SCP-3967 response cards](javascript:;)

[Close window.](javascript:;)

Note: All response cards were assigned a catalog number upon recovery.

From initial operation in 05/04/1968 to 9/10/1970, response cards were filed according to date. 36 additional cards, believed to have been printed between October 1970 and January 1971, were found in a heap in a boarded-up fireplace. There is no indication of date. The response cards of the E- series, believed to have been printed last chronologically, were found in the common room upon initial discovery.

> **Catalog Number:** A-0021  
> **Date:** 05/06/1968  
> **Text:** OPTIMAL LOCATION FOR PLANTING IS 37°19'27.8"N 120°27'11.6"W. HARVEST PINES FOR CONSTRUCTION BOARD.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** A-0047  
> **Date:** 23/07/1968  
> **Text:** RAISE PRICES FOR BARLEY BY 27%, MARIJUANA BY 15%. PURCHASE A NEW TILLER WITH PROFITS  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** A-0093  
> **Date:** 14/11/1968  
> **Text:** HOLD OPEN COMMUNAL CONFESSIONALS AND ALLOW EACH MEMBER TO BE VULNERABLE. SPEAK OF PAST LOSSES AND MISTAKES.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0004  
> **Date:** 17/01/1969  
> **Text:** DO NOT ALLOW ████ AND ████ PLAY OUTSIDE THE COMPOUND. RETURN PUBLIC LIBRARY BOOKS IMMEDIATELY.  
> **Notes:** Pollensbee County Public Library records show that _Grimble_ by Clement Freud and _Tales of Peter Rabbit_ by Beatrix Potter were checked out on 19/21/1968 by Commune members ████ O'Donnel and ████ Komenski, respectively. Both books were returned on 17/01/1969, and no books were subsequently checked out by O'Donnel or Komenski.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0109  
> **Date:** 04/02/1969  
> **Text:** UTILIZE BARBED WIRE ATOP FENCES TO PREVENT THEFT. IF THEFT CONTINUES, POST GUARDS. I AM  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0219  
> **Date:** 30/04/1969  
> **Text:** INFORM POLICE THAT A SEARCH WARRANT IS NECESSARY. TELL DOBBSON THAT IF COMPLAINTS CONTINUE, WILL TURN HIM IN FOR INSURANCE FRAUD. ASK HIM WHERE SARA IS.  
> **Notes:** On 29/04/1969, ██████████ Dobbson, owner of an adjacent trailer facility, made a complaint regarding the smell of marijuana coming from the grounds of the New Sunlight Commune. Police visited on 31/04/1969, and no further complaints were made.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0457  
> **Date:** 14/06/1969  
> **Text:** CEASE MAIL DELIVERY AND IN-TOWN TRIPS. TOO MANY MEMBERS ARE LOST.  
> **Notes:** Pollensebee residents date the gradual disappearance of New Sunlight Commune to mid-1969.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0789  
> **Date:** 27/08/1969  
> **Text:** THEY HATE YOU. YOU MUST REMAIN VIGILANT. NEVER HAVE FAR FROM YOUR MIND WHAT THEY WISH TO DO TO YOU.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** B-0958  
> **Date:** 01/11/1969  
> **Text:** THE COMMUNITY IS DANGER, FROM WITHIN AND FROM WITHOUT. THOSE WHO JOINED LATE ARE OUTSIDERS AND CANNOT BE TRUSTED. DRIVE THEM AWAY.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** C-0046  
> **Date:** 03/02/1970  
> **Text:** PUT THE OUTSIDERS TO WORK. RESTRICT THEIR MOVEMENTS. YOU MUST NOT LET THE COMMUNITY DIE.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** C-0249  
> **Date:** 06/06/1970  
> **Text:** THE ROTATION OF CROPS IS UNNECESSARY. I SPEAK OF WHAT TO PLANT, AND WHAT WILL KILL.  
> **Notes:** None

> **Catalog Number:** C-0558  
> **Date:** 14/10/1970  
> **Text:** THEY WILL DESTROY YOU FROM WITHOUT AND HE FROM WITHIN. YOU ARE SAFE ONLY WITH ME.  
> **Notes:** Final dated communication.

> **Catalog Number:** D-0009  
> **Date:** Unknown.  
> **Text:** ALL AROUND, THE WORLD FALLS INTO CHAOS. BUT ONLY HERE REMAINS WHOLE. IT IS BY MY WILL.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** D-0023  
> **Date:** Unknown.  
> **Text:** THOSE WHO CHOOSE NOT TO MOVE PAST WHAT THEIR BODY CAN SUSTAIN ARE TAINTED BY THE OUTSIDE. HAVE DONE WITH THEM.  
> Notes: None.

> **Catalog Number:** E-0001  
> **Date:** Unknown, presumed late January, 1971  
> **Text:** YOU HAVE PLEASED ME WELL. NOW PERFORM FOR ME A PLAY. OPEN YOUR MOUTHS AND SING FOR ME, AND I WILL SING FOR YOU.  
> **Notes:** None.

> **Catalog Number:** E-0002 through E-8712  
> **Date:** Unknown  
> **Text:** \[REDACTED\]  
> **Notes:** Response cards contained the full text of [SCP-701](/scp-701). \[DATA EXPUNGED\].

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). Students for a Democratic Society, a leftist political organization, 1960-1974

[2](javascript:;). Ancient Chinese divination text. Experienced a brief resurgence of use among members of the 1960's "hippie" countercultural movement.