**Item #:** SCP-4171

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4171 is to be kept in its cell on Site 19, monitored by two guards and surveillance cameras designed to alert the HMCL supervisor if SCP-4171-1 lands with the obverse side facing up. Containment measures discovered alongside SCP-4171 are to be maintained until deemed unnecessary.

**Description:** SCP-4171 comprises two entities, designated SCP-4171-1 and SCP-4171-2.

SCP-4171-1 is a silver coin. The obverse side (“heads”) features the face of an unidentified man; the reverse side (“tails”) features the logo of the Foundation. When tossed, SCP-4171-1 consistently lands tails,[1](javascript:;) though its mass is evenly distributed between the two faces.

SCP-4171-2 is a human female of unknown age and race. Its anomalous nature manifests in three characteristics:

*   SCP-4171-2 does not require sustenance.
*   SCP-4171-2 does not blink.
*   SCP-4171-2 consistently flips tails on any coin[2](javascript:;), including SCP-4171-1. The technique in which SCP-4171-2 tosses a coin sends it back to its thumb, allowing it to flip continuously. SCP-4171-2 has been observed to flip coins in this manner without ceasing or slowing down.

SCP-4171 was discovered in the aftermath of \[REDACTED\]. The breach ended (after █ minutes and ████ casualties) when SCP-████ was destroyed by containment measures built into an unmarked cell. While moving to confirm that SCP-████ had been subdued, MTF Epsilon-11 (“Nine-Tailed Fox”) found SCP-4171-2 flipping SCP-4171-1 in this cell – a sealed chamber reinforced with steel, incorporating six active Scranton Reality Anchors. No records or special containment procedures for SCP-4171 existed prior to this discovery.

SCP-4171-2 has generally complied with procedure. While retrieving SCP-4171-1 for experimentation, Dr. Aurelio Testa observed SCP-4171-2 catch and invert it onto the back of its hand before offering it to him. As he retrieved the item, Dr. Testa also heard SCP-4171-2 utter the words _you’re welcome_, marking the first time SCP-4171-2 had spoken and the only time SCP-4171-2 has spoken outside of its interview with him.

**Addendum 4171-1:** Interview Log

> **Interviewed:** SCP-4171-2
> 
> **Interviewer:** Dr. Aurelio Testa
> 
> **Foreword:** Dr. Testa was instructed to return SCP-4171-1 to SCP-4171-2 after experimentation (refer to Experiment Log 4171-1).
> 
> **<Begin Log>**
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa enters the cell with SCP-4171-1, stopping to regard SCP-4171-2. SCP-4171-2 appeared to follow his entrance with its eyes_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** You flipped heads.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Are you surprised?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond. Dr. Testa offers SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Will you talk if I give this back?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond. Dr. Testa sits down, setting SCP-4171-1 on the table with the obverse face up. Dr. Testa studies SCP-4171-2_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Normally, with subjects as yourself, I’d offer my name and a vague description of the organization I work for. Small gestures to… welcome what might otherwise be normal people to this place. As far as I know, you’re just a girl who doesn’t eat and doesn’t blink, who can’t flip heads on a coin. Not the strangest thing I’ve seen – not even close. And I like to play good cop with things that don’t scare me.
> 
> Normally, I’d be the one explaining why you’re here. _You’d_ be the one asking _me_ why you’re here. Normally. But that is not the case. We _found_ you in this cell, with no documentation and no signs of a containment breach. So I’m not here to give you that answer, because I don’t have it.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 initially remains silent. As Dr. Testa waits for a response, SCP-4171-2 places its left hand over SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Did you want to flip heads?
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Did we _want_ to flip heads?
> 
> …No. Do you want us to?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 breaks eye contact to stare at its left hand_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** I… do not want.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You don’t _want_, huh?
> 
> Then would it be safe to say you are not here by choice?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** ‘Choice’ is a simple word.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Then give me a better one.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 slides SCP-4171-1 toward itself, continuing to stare at the table. SCP-4171-2 flips SCP-4171-1. It lands tails_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** ‘Fate.’
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …Please clarify.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 flips SCP-4171-1 again. It lands tails_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** I came to see the face on this coin.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You’ve never seen the face on that coin?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 flips SCP-4171-1 again. It lands tails_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** No.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Then you wouldn’t know who’s on it?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** I do.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa waits for SCP-4171-2 to expand on this answer_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …I don't suppose you'll tell me?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 continues to flip SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Okay. Another question, then.
> 
> You’re saying you came here to see the face. Which implies that you haven’t flipped heads before.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 stops flipping SCP-4171-1 to reestablish eye contact with Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You, um, expect it to land heads here, though. Why do you think that?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Because your foundation trusts in inevitability.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** We don’t believe in self-fulfilling prophecies.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Do you believe that?
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Do _I_ believe that we _don't_ believe in self-fulfilling prophecies?
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa contemplates this question_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I'm not inclined to answer that.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 closes its fist around SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Who do you answer to?
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Excuse me?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not repeat the question_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I’m… not letting you in on the workings of our organization. And as a reminder, I will be the one asking questions.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 flips SCP-4171-1 once. It lands tails. SCP-4171-2 checks this result before reestablishing eye contact with Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Fair.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa nods, before preparing the next question_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Right. So… you claim to have never seen the obverse side.
> 
> What would happen if I flipped heads?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** You, and you alone, would have flipped heads.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** So nothing would happen?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 remains silent. Dr. Testa extends his hand, as a request to take SCP-4171-1. SCP-4171-2 gives it to him_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** \[_gesturing to flip_\] Do I have to ask?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 nods, as if to grant permission. Dr. Testa flips SCP-4171-1, landing tails_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …Always lands tails, you said.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** _Have_ you flipped heads before?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** No.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa contemplates this answer, studying SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …It’s landed on the rim.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** ██ times.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You’ve counted.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 remains silent_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** So I can’t flip heads.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa looks at the obverse side of SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** But I can obviously turn it over.
> 
> What would happen if I showed you the face on this coin?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 visibly clenches its jaw and fists. On-site security is called to take up positions around the containment cell_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** That would… Displease you.
> 
> I know that look. \[_clasping hands around SCP-4171-1_\] You can tell me if I’m wrong, but… I get the sense you can’t stop me from doing that.
> 
> This is a game to you. I’d spoil it by showing you.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** …Imagine if you were the last line of defense, holding that coin like a bargaining chip.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa is alerted to security outside the cell_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …No other lines of defense?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** None.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa receives orders to return SCP-4171-1. Dr. Testa lays it down with reverse side up and slides it toward SCP-4171-2_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Well, I’m not here to ruin anyone’s fun.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 maintains silence for ██ seconds before unclenching its jaw and fists and shifting its gaze to SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Then call it.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You want me to toss it again?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Yes.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** What happens if I do?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** What do you think will happen?
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa is permitted to answer the question_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Nothing on tails, based on my last toss. It’s heads I’m worried about.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** How likely do you think that is?
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I can’t divulge what we know or…
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 looks back up at Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** You. Not the data.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa is permitted to answer the question_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I’m not… well-versed in probability. Or mintage. But… \[_lifting SCP-4171-1 slightly_\] It does feel balanced. Which would mean equal chance of heads or tails. So if your word and my senses are to be believed, it’s… up in the air.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Call it.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …Tails.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa tosses SCP-4171-1. It lands tails. Dr. Testa takes a deep breath_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Do _you_ know the chances on this thing?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** It’s a fair coin.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I don’t have to be a mathematician to doubt that.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 slowly retrieves and begins flipping SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You haven’t been explicit in how a fair coin could consistently land tails. Or… what that means to you.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 closes its fist around SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** What it means to… me.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa nods_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** …Breathe.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa instinctively holds breath. Atmosphere in cell is surveyed. When no toxins are detected, Dr. Testa breathes_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Again.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa breathes more naturally_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Again.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You’re telling me to do something my body instinctively does.
> 
> What do you think you're doing?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Calling it.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …I don’t follow.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Because you don’t know how many times this coin has been tossed.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa does not respond_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** ████████ times. Over ███ years. By ██ different individuals.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** ██, including you and I?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Who were these individuals?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Those who survived. And those who asked questions.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Not mutually exclusive, I hope?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I assume by “those who asked questions,” you refer to people who questioned you in this manner?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** In the same lab coat, for the same reason, under the same foundation.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** You’re saying that researchers working for my… organization have interviewed you before?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** We have no records of any prior interview.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 faces camera. This is the first time SCP-4171-2 has acknowledged surveillance in its cell_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Please direct your attention toward me.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 reestablishes eye contact with Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Let me ask you another question. You said there were… survivors?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 starts to flip SCP-4171-1 again_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** What did they survive?
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** The odds.
> 
> \[_It is observed that SCP-4171-2 matches the inhalations of Dr. Testa with tosses of SCP-4171-1. Dr. Testa is informed, who contemplates this discovery_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I think I understand now.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 stops flipping SCP-4171-1_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** These… odds are stacked against us.
> 
> You look at us the way we look at that coin.
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** This is not the universe where you win.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 sets SCP-4171-1 down on its edge, with the obverse side facing Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Do we lose when you see its face?
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 spins SCP-4171-1. Both Dr. Testa and SCP-4171-2 watch it, though the latter closes its eyes when SCP-4171-1 begins to wobble. It lands tails_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …It's… just a coin that can't flip heads.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa looks at SCP-4171-2. It does not open its eyes. Dr. Testa sighs_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** I’m concluding this interview for the time being. We will continue this at some point in the future.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa stands up_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Please let the guards know if there is anything you need.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa begins walking toward the exit_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** I…
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa stops and faces SCP-4171-2_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** Want you…
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 slides SCP-4171-1 forward, and looks up at Dr. Testa_\]
> 
> **SCP-4171-2:** To toss this coin.
> 
> One more time.
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** …For the end of the world.
> 
> \[_SCP-4171-2 does not respond_\]
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa returns to the table. He flips SCP-4171-1 onto the table. It lands tails_\]
> 
> **Dr. Testa:** Guess I won't be seeing it anytime soon.
> 
> \[_Dr. Testa exits the cell_\]
> 
> **<End Log>**
> 
> **Closing Statement:** SCP-4171-2 appeared to track Dr. Aurelio Testa with its eyes following the interview. This lasted until Dr. Testa was killed in a car accident[3](javascript:;) twenty-seven hours later, at which point SCP-4171-2 resumed flipping SCP-4171-1.
> 
> Subsequent attempts to communicate with SCP-4171-2 were met with unresponsiveness. SCP-4171-2 has not ceased to flip SCP-4171-1. As of 01/01/2019, all recorded tosses have been tails.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). The exception occurs when SCP-4171-1 is launched into a trajectory calculated to result in heads, a method which removes the intuitive concept of probability from the toss. Refer to Experiment Log 4171-1.

[2](javascript:;). Or any such object with obverse and reverse sides, with the latter established and possible.

[3](javascript:;). Per protocol, the death was investigated for foul play or anomalous causes. No such factors were uncovered. The timing was deemed coincidental.