**Item #:** SCP-4599

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Living instances of SCP-4599 are to be stored in standard humanoid containment cells for the duration of their life. Instances are to be given food and water regularly, and particularly cooperative instances may receive certain comfort items at their request. Should an instance of SCP-4599 perish while in containment, it is to be dissected and examined, with remains subsequently stored in a refrigerated corpse storage unit.

The Foundation is to monitor any activity regarding body pillows branded by the business "Accelerate the Future", particularly reviews from customers. Otherwise, the Foundation is to use the sales database discovered on 10/06/20██ to locate any further instances of SCP-4599 not contained. If in the possession of a civilian, that individual and any associates that may have been exposed to information are to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-4599 is the designation for a series of body pillows created by amateur entrepreneurial group "[Accelerate the Future](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-3312)". Each body pillow is 1.5 meters in length, and may be customized on the front and back with the image of a customer's choosing.[1](javascript:;) Instances of SCP-4599 are sapient and sentient to a degree, and are capable of verbal speech and locomotion.

Instances of SCP-4599 require nutrition and oxygen as standard for a normal human, and consume food by absorbing it through a particular part of the fabric membrane of its body, typically corresponding to the mouth of an instance's image should it have one. Instances of SCP-4599 do not digest food, however, as no living instances of SCP-4599 have ever been observed to defecate.

Instances of SCP-4599 also have some sense of touch, and are particularly sensitive to both pain and pleasure. Instances of SCP-4599 typically have some form of haphephobia[2](javascript:;) if recovered alive. Whether this is an integrated feature or something that develops in instances of SCP-4599 is currently unknown.

Instances of SCP-4599, when kept in suitable living environments, have a typical lifespan of approximately 1 year. Should an instance perish for any reason, it will begin to decompose. The decomposition process of SCP-4599 may be likened to that of a human being; within 48 hours, the fabric comprising the instance's casing will take on a flesh-like texture. Blisters will form beneath the fabric and rupture; the instance will then begin to bloat and expand due to the internal release of carbon dioxide, methane and hydrogen sulfide. Within 3-5 days of death, organs will dissolve, and the body will begin to liquify; a brown liquid has been noted to seep from the opening of the pillowcase.

Upon total decomposition, all that will remain of the instance of SCP-4599 will be a skeleton with diminished body proportions, save for the head which will be significantly larger than average. The sex and species of the skeleton is dependent on the image on the instance; should the instance be gender neutral or an object, it will default to a human female skeleton. Vivisection and x-rays of instances will not reveal a skeleton, musculature system or organs, but rather an allergen-free variant of cotton.

**Addendum 4599-26:** On 9/28/20██, reports of what appeared to be a young girl in a "cloth sack" escaping from the window of Boris ██████'s residence, a registered serial sex offender. Foundation agents intervened after the escapee reportedly claimed that it was not inside anything, but rather it was the pillow itself. The Foundation suspected it was an instance of SCP-4599 that they had yet recovered, as it was not reported online by a customer or to the authorities.

[Access Interview 4599-██](javascript:;)

[Close Interview 4599-██](javascript:;)

> **<Begin Log>**
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Let's start simple, do you have a name?
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I… I don't know. I was called "Aoi" by my own… by Boris.
> 
> _Agent Pollard leans forward on the table._
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Owner? Did he treat you like some kind of a slave?
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 hunches over._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I was… I was supposed to be one of his wives.
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** _One_ of them? …How many more of them are there?
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 inhales and exhales deeply._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** There aren't any more now… There were a few more of us, Hana, Sakura and Miku. It was… awful, we were all we had, the only people we could lean on and…
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 sniffles._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** Now they're just all g-gone…
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Gone? Or Dead?
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 doesn't respond. Agent Pollard coughs into his hand and takes out a pen, starting to write on a notebook._
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** We'll do something about Mr. ██████, at the very least, should your statement hold up. We need to know how you got in your situation, though. Do you remember much about how you got to Mr. ██████'s residence?
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 sniffles and looks up._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I d-don't know. I only ever remember being this. I remember being made to be someone's companion, a-and I remember being excited about it… at first. I don't remember much about my life before, but…
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 moves the top half of its body in a way similar to shaking its head._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I wasn't made by him. I was made by a few other guys. A bunch of boys and girls like me were there. Stuffed into boxes and sent out. Packed us with a bunch of water bottles and some Chex Mix. They were in little bags, it took a lot of effort to get one open without hands.
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 pauses._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I'd rather spend the rest of my life in that box than spend another _second_ in that cheese-scented swamp that Boris called a house! I was just… helpless… watching him masturbate to anime videos, eating junk food and cuddling me way too closely at night…
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 inhales and exhales shakily._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I'm lucky he opened the window to air out his room for once.
> 
> _Agent Pollard continues to write, before looking back up to SCP-4599-46, trying to look sympathetic._
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Do you remember anything about the people that made you? Anything at all is useful. We're trying to help others like you so they don't have to go through what you had to.
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I don't know any of their names, but…
> 
> _SCP-4599-46 pushes itself away from the table, falling onto the ground. It shakily stands up and turns around._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I have a tag on my back that says "ATF". Everyone else had one, too.
> 
> _Agent Pollard stands up from the table and walks towards SCP-4599-46. He reaches down and SCP-4599-46 moves away quickly._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** Please no touching… you can just look at it… right?
> 
> _Agent Pollard slowly retracts his hand away from SCP-4599-46._
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Alright, I'll… alright.
> 
> _Agent Pollard reaches back for his notebook and pencil, making a note of the tag._
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** I'm sorry…
> 
> _Agent Pollard waves his hand dismissively._
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** No, don't even… don't even worry. I understand why you're a bit hesitant to let anyone get close.
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** A bit hesitant is a bit of an understatement…
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** Well, rest assured that you've been a great help. We'll do our best to recover the rest of the other pillows. You'll be safe with us for now.
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** Thank you, but… I think the world is a bit safer already.
> 
> **Agent Pollard:** What do you mean by that?
> 
> **SCP-4599-46:** Boris won't be taking any more wives any time soon.
> 
> **<End Log>**

Soon after SCP-4599-46's recovery, Boris ██████'s residence was raided. Foundation Agents had more difficulty than expected navigating Mr. ██████'s residence due to the buildup of trash and refuse scattered around various rooms. Once Mr. ██████'s bedroom was located, his corpse was discovered on the bed, the cause of death suspected and later confirmed to be asphyxiation. The Foundation discovered the corpses of the instances in a closet buried beneath several filth-covered non-anomalous body pillows.

**Addendum 4599-██:** On 10/06/20██, the Foundation was able to successfully locate a warehouse filled with numerous abandoned instances of SCP-4599, several empty and partially empty bottles of water, several opened and upturned boxes of Chex Mix, a television and several DVDs of various Japanese anime. No employees were discovered within the facility, though reports from surviving abandoned instances claim that they left several weeks prior. The Foundation had, however, discovered a computer containing sales logs of SCP-4599 instances along with the following conversation between supposed members of the business four days after reports and reviews of SCP-4599 were posted online.

[Record Log-9/02](javascript:;)

[Hide Log-9/02](javascript:;)

> **MPerry:** Dylan.  
> **Dylan99:** look  
> **Dylan99:** mike  
> **Dylan99:** i know youre pissed  
> **Thotticusprime:** more than pissed i'd say  
> **MPerry:** Why do you have to be so goddamn horny all the time, Dylan?  
> **Dylan99:** its not that dude you said it was a good idea  
> **SnakAttak:** Bro, you were growing PEOPLE  
> **SnakAttak:** Shit like that's not gonna fly  
> **olliefox:** 3:  
> **olliefox:** don't be mean to him!!  
> **Thotticusprime:** ollie, you know what he did, right?  
> **SnakAttak:** Don't defend him, Ollie  
> **MPerry:** Like, you didn't tell the customers, you didn't tell US, we're all pretty fucking pissed off, dude.  
> **Dylan99:** you said it was a good idea!  
> **Dylan99:** i even showed you the prototype and you said it was chill  
> **olliefox:** i still like mine Dylan!! i snuggle him every night and make sure to feed him!  
> **Dylan99:** thanks bro  
> **MPerry:** You're not helping, Ollie. You REALLY should get rid of yours, by the way.  
> **olliefox:** but he's my fwend… lol  
> **Thotticusprime:** god don't start with the furry shit again  
> **MPerry:** Can we please get back on track? Like, seriously, it's like I'm the only fucking adult here, Jesus…  
> **Dylan99:** we made money on it tho people liked it  
> **Thotticusprime:** but you've seen the reviews, right Dylan? rot, mucus, skeletons, all that shit?  
> **SnakAttak:** You put a girl in a bag and sold it as a sex pillow  
> **SnakAttak:** You grew fuckin slaves for perverts  
> **Dylan99:** i said that wed get a lot of perverts  
> **Dylan99:** perverts have money and we got a lot of money on this  
> **Thotticusprime:** dude, even the GOOD reviews make us look bad  
> **Thotticusprime:** we don't wanna be the company that makes fuckin corpsefuckers happy  
> **MPerry:** Dylan, what the fuck were you even THINKING? We can't sell fucking sex slaves just because the perverts who buy them have money!  
> _olliefox has disconnected_  
> **Dylan99:** okay look i know i fucked up and im sorry  
> **Thotticusprime:** look, here's a copy-pasted review:  
> **Thotticusprime:** "4/5 stars! I wish I had known about the rotting function earlier, though! It was a fun little treat, but I think it became a skeleton a little too fast. Would buy again!"  
> **SnakAttak:** We need to do something about the rest of the pillows  
> **MPerry:** We can't recall the ones we already sold, and the ones we made have to just  
> **Thotticusprime:** i'll take the pillows off the website  
> **MPerry:** Just have to stay there, I guess. There's food, water, tv, they'll be fine.  
> **Dylan99:** i said i was sorry  
> **MPerry:** I would fucking hope so, Dylan. But I'm giving you a second chance because you're my friend.  
> **Thotticusprime:** tf?? mike, just fire him, why are you even keeping him?  
> **Dylan99:** ty bro ill do better i promise  
> **MPerry:** Because when we made this business, it was just us two at first. We were dreaming big and we dreamt of being rich.  
> **MPerry:** I'm not giving up on that dream. I swear, all five of us are going to be richer than we can fucking imagine. Believe me.

Should the Record Log about production of instances of SCP-4599 be true, on 10/06/20██, all instances of SCP-4599 will be deceased of natural causes or otherwise. Staff are to be re-assigned and the object class will be changed to Neutralized.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). Typical characters on instances of SCP-4599 are from Japanese anime, though certain instances have been found with Western cartoon characters, celebrities and in one case, a depiction of a train.

[2](javascript:;). Fear of human contact or being touched.