Pictures of SCP-4831 before manifestation of anomalous properties.

**Item #:** SCP-4831

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4831-1 is to be accommodated appropriately for a non-anomalous human. Access to a mobile device has been deemed acceptable by the containment team. Content posted by SCP-4831-1 is to be heavily monitored to prevent confidential information from being leaked. For more information on SCP-4831-1's needs, please see Document-315.

The house containing SCP-4831 has been secluded from the public. SCP-4831-1's family are not to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-4831 is the bathroom of a household within Wet Money, Kansas, US. SCP-4831's anomalous properties manifested on 25/4/2018, and the Foundation was made aware of its existence on 2/5/2018. Attempting to access the interior of SCP-4831 is physically impossible.

The door and window for SCP-4831 are locked, and all attempts at unlocking both have failed. The walls, door, floor, and window inside SCP-4831 are indestructible as well, and have resisted all attempts at dismantling. This includes the use of sharp tools, explosives, high amounts of heat, and corrosion.

SCP-4831-1 is, at the time of writing, 17-year-old Tucker Miles who was inside of SCP-4831 when it gained its anomalous properties and is now trapped within. Besides this, SCP-4831-1 is physically non-anomalous. All attempts at freeing SCP-4831-1 have failed.

**Addendum:**

[Household-531 Security Footage: #1](javascript:;)

[Of Reuben: Elizur the son of Shedeur](javascript:;)

> **Background:** Footage was taken from security camera footage that overlooked SCP-4831's door.
> 
> **Time:** 15:15
> 
> _\[BEGIN LOG\]_
> 
> _SCP-4831-1 is heard opening the front door, presumably returning from school._
> 
> _SCP-4831-1's mother is heard yelling from another room._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker, can you do me a favor?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** What?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Can you bring me the duct tape from the bathroom?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** 'Kay, give me a sec.
> 
> _SCP-4831-1 is seen entering SCP-4831 to retrieve the duct tape. It is assumed that, while they are doing this, they are also using the restroom. After SCP-4831-1 closes the door, SCP-4831's anomalous properties activate. After roughly forty seconds, SCP-4831-1 attempts to leave, quickly turning the knob and pushing against the door._
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Momma?
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** _\[Louder\]_ Momma?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** What?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I think I'm stuck.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Huh?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I- just come here.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** What did you say?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I said I think I'm stuck, I can't open the door.
> 
> _Mrs. Miles attempts to open the door._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Did you lock it?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** No.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Uh, hold on…
> 
> _Mrs. Miles continues attempting to open the door, and quickly attempts to break down the door._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Fucking hell. Alright, Tucker, I think the door's jammed or something. You're gonna have to wait until Dad comes home because I'm not feeling that well.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Are we gonna like crowbar it or…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Probably. Are you sure the door isn't locked?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Yep.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** You still there?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Mmmhm, I'm thinking.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Do you still need the duct tape?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** No, I'm fine.
> 
> _\[END LOG\]_

[Household-531 Security Footage: #2](javascript:;)

[Of Simeon: Shelumiel the son of Zurishadda](javascript:;)

> **Background:** Log takes place roughly two hours after manifestation of SCP-4831's anomalous properties.
> 
> **Time:** 19:01
> 
> _\[BEGIN LOG\]_
> 
> _Sounds of Mr. Miles opening the front door are heard, who then immediately approaches SCP-4831. Mrs. Miles is seen sitting on a plastic chair outside._
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Okay, what's wrong?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** We don't know. We think the door is jammed.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** We talked about crowbar-ing the door open.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Let's actually try to open the door first, I don't want to wastefully destroy the bathroom door.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tim, he's fucking trapped in there.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** I know but- that's not what I meant.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** _Sigh._ Just open the door.
> 
> _Mr. Miles attempts opening the door as well, occasionally shoving and bashing the door with their fists. After forty seconds, Mr. Miles sighs and looks at Mrs. Miles._
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Where's the crowbar?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I don't know, you had it last.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** I think I left it in the garage.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Then why did you ask me?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** I ju- look, I don't know.
> 
> _Mr. Miles exits the area and presumably begins to enter the garage._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I'm sorry Punkin, I don't think he's in really a good mood.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I know.
> 
> _Mr. Miles comes back with a slightly rusted crowbar._
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** What were you talking about?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Nothing.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Hm. Alright Tucker, get back away from the door so that you don't get hit in the face.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Okay.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** You far away?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Uh, yeah.
> 
> _Mr. Miles sticks the crowbar in the the door and begins to pull. After twenty seconds, the crowbar shatters into several pieces. The door is still unopened._
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Shit…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** What the fuck was that?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** What did you expect me to do?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** How the fuck did you break the crowbar, and not get the door open?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** I don't fucking know…
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** W-wait, what happened?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Crowbar broke.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Am I seriously gonna be stuck in this bathroom until I die.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** No, Tucker, calm down, we'll call the fire department.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** We already filed for bankruptcy for your medical bills, how do you expect to pay this off?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** What else are we gonna do?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker, did you try the window?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Uh, no, hold on a sec.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** How do you open it again?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Just push it open, it doesn't have a lock or anything.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** It won't open.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Are you doing the bottom window?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Yep.
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Just move, I'll go break the window open.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Hey, be careful!
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** I will.
> 
> _Mr. Miles leaves the area. The sound of them opening and closing a door is heard._
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Momma, I'm scared.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** It's okay Punkin, we're trying. I love you.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Love you…
> 
> _\[END LOG\]_

[Household-531 Security Footage: #3](javascript:;)

[Of Judah: Nahshon the son of Amminadab](javascript:;)

> **Background:** Emergency services were called shortly after attempts were made to open the bathroom window from the outside.
> 
> **Time:** 23:44
> 
> _\[BEGIN LOG\]_
> 
> _The sounds of the front door being opened are heard. Large amounts of footsteps are heard as well. Two firemen begin to speak with Mrs. Miles in another room._
> 
> **Fireman 1:** Where's the kid at, ma'am?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Over here, in the bathroom.
> 
> _The three begin to approach SCP-4831. Mr. Miles is sitting on the same plastic chair from before._
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Door won't open.
> 
> **Fireman 2:** Please step aside.
> 
> _The firemen take out a small pick head fire axe, and begin striking the door. No visible damage is seen._
> 
> **Fireman 2:** It's not doing anything.
> 
> **Fireman 1:** What the shit?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** What do you mean it's not working!?
> 
> **Fireman 2:** It's not cutting through. Is the door made of wood?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Yes.
> 
> **Fireman 2:** Hm. Have you tried a crowbar or something similar on it yet?
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Yep. Did not work.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I'm going to be stuck in this fucking bathroom until I die, aren't I?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker, no, you'll be fi-
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** A fucking axe can't take down the door, Momma, what the fuck are we supposed to do? Nuke the whole house? Why the fuck isn't the door opening?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** If we knew we would tell you!
> 
> **Mr. Miles:** Don't yell at him like th-
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Shut the fuck up, Tim.
> 
> **Fireman 1:** Ma'am. We'll see what we can do.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I just… thank you.
> 
> _The firemen and Mr. Miles leave the house._
> 
> _SCP-4831-1 begins to sob._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker it's okay, we'll get you ou-
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Am I NOT allowed to cry? Is that what it is? WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO? Oh I'm so happy and ch-cheerful! Fuck you. _(sob)_ Go fuck yourself _(sob)_.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I-I just… _(sigh)_ Fine. Whatever. Go have fun in there. I'm suuuuch a bad mom.
> 
> _Mrs. Miles buries their face in their hands and begins to sob as well._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I-I-I'm sorry…
> 
> _\[END LOG\]_

[Household-531 Security Footage: #4](javascript:;)

[Of Issachar: Nethanel the son of Zuar](javascript:;)

> **Background:** Several attempts are made to free SCP-4831-1 from within SCP-4831, which all fail. Log takes place two days after Security footage: #3.
> 
> **Time:** 02:19
> 
> _\[BEGIN LOG\]_
> 
> _Mrs. Miles approaches the door, and sits down in the plastic chair._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Hey Punkin, you awake?
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Are you awake?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** What?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Look, Tucker, I… I know things haven't really been going well for you. Me and Dad haven't been treating each other in the best of ways recently. And I'm sorry. Tucker. I know you mean well. And, just…
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I'm sorry too, Momma. That was really rude. I didn't know what I was thinking…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I understand that, I was your age too. It's just, I really want you to be happy, and…
> 
> _Mrs Miles begins to weep._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I haven't been doing a… real good job.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** It's not your fault, Momma. None of this is. This isn't normal. None of this is. I love you Momma, I never want you to think otherwise.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I know, Tucker…
> 
> _Silence for over two minutes_
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** So, uh… are you hungry?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** A bit, yeah.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** We looked around for food that we could slip under the door, and we found these MREs. They were used by soldiers and they are very flat. Turn on the light in there.
> 
> _A stream of light emits from underneath SCP-4831's door. Mrs. Miles takes out a standard Chili and Macaroni "Meal, Ready-to-Eat" and slides it underneath the door._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** It's really easy, all you need to do to cook it is add water from the sink or something and wait a bit.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Ah, okay…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Okay, so, put the silver… uh… bag in with the heating element thing, then add some water. Don't go over the limit on the bag.
> 
> _A bathroom sink being turned on can be heard in the background._
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Whoops, that's too much water…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** It's fine, it'll still taste the same. Then seal the bag and wait a bit.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** How long does it take?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** About ten minutes, the website said.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Okay.
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** So, Momma…
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** What?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I found the duct tape you wanted. Do you still need it?
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** No, Tucker, I al-
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Here, hold on.
> 
> _SCP-4831-1 is heard attempting to forcefully push what is assumed to be the roll of duct tape underneath the door._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker…
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I can't even fucking give you the tape!
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Please, calm down…
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I can't, Momma. I just can't. I was so happy! I was so happy. I'm going to fucking die in this bathroom. I'm never going to see you again. I can't calm down! Get me out of here! I don't want to die in here!
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Tucker, yelling at me isn't going to help anyone.
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I… I just… I wanna hug you again.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Punkin…
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** I miss you. I love you.
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** It's okay, Punkin. I will stay by you until the day I die.
> 
> _Mrs. Miles presses her body and arms against the door and closes her eyes. Several minutes pass._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** I… _(sniff)_ think your food is ready.
> 
> _The sound of steam exiting a bag can be heard._
> 
> **Mrs. Miles:** Do you need a fork?
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** Yes please…
> 
> _Mrs. Miles enters the kitchen, grabs a small plastic fork, and slides it underneath SCP-4831's door._
> 
> _Silence_
> 
> **SCP-4831-1:** It tastes horrible…
> 
> _\[END LOG\]_

Shortly after this, the Foundation was alerted to SCP-4831's existence and established containment. Amnestics were applied to all witnesses of SCP-4831's anomaly with the exception of SCP-4831-1's family, by request of the Ethics Committee.