> #### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION DEPARTMENT OF MISCOMMUNICATIONS
> 
> Analysis of this file has confirmed it displays no unusual properties. All information present in it can be taken as a literal statement of fact.
> 
> — Eli Forkley, Director, DoMC

* * *

**Item #:** SCP-5034

**Object Class:** Tiamat

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to budgetary concerns[1](javascript:;), it has been determined that containment of SCP-5034 is not currently possible. When SCP-5034 is discovered in an antique store[2](javascript:;), Agents are to immediately proceed to said store and begin experimentation.

Use of standard testing equipment is authorized in regards to SCP-5034. All tests must be approved by the Foundation Experimentation Committee[3](javascript:;).

**Description:** SCP-5034 is the collective term for a china bowl[4](javascript:;) containing seven red marbles[5](javascript:;).

At all times, SCP-5034 will consist of the china bowl and the seven red marbles within it. If a marble is destroyed or removed from SCP-5034, it will disappear and a new one will reappear inside the bowl. Attempts to contain marbles outside of SCP-5034[6](javascript:;) have similarly failed. All attempts to interfere with these marbles have had an extremely negative impact on the Foundation's budget[7](javascript:;).

SCP-5034 exhibits a secondary anomalous effect. All individuals who observe SCP-5034 will be aware that it is a china bowl containing seven red marbles, even if they lack prior context[8](javascript:;). However, this awareness does not appear to directly impact information one step removed from SCP-5034. For example, an individual observing SCP-5034 will be aware it is a china bowl, but an individual observing evidence left behind by SCP-5034 will not[9](javascript:;).

* * *

**Addendum 5034-1 (Experimentation Log):**

The following is a log of all experiments conducted with SCP-5034[10](javascript:;).

> **Experiment 5034-1**
> 
> **Conditions:** Upon discovery of SCP-5034, Foundation personnel attempted to remove and contain three marbles from the bowl[11](javascript:;).  
> **Result:** When removed, all marbles disappeared and reappeared inside the bowl. Containment failure[12](javascript:;). Foundation budget severely impacted.

> **Experiment 5034-2**
> 
> **Conditions:** Upon rediscovery of SCP-5034 in an antique store in Chennai, India, Foundation personnel attempted to remove one marble from the bowl and smash it with a sledgehammer[13](javascript:;).  
> **Result:** Following successful destruction of the marble, it reappeared inside the bowl. Destruction failure. Foundation budget severely impacted.

> **Experiment 5034-3**
> 
> **Conditions:** After tracing the sale of SCP-5034 through a number of private collectors, Foundation personnel attempted to contain one of the marbles while keeping it within the bowl.  
> **Result:** Containment successful for six days. However, on the seventh day, Security Officer enters the containment chamber and accidentally releases the marble from the bowl[14](javascript:;). Containment failure. Foundation budget severely impacted.

> **Experiment 5034-4**
> 
> **Conditions:** Upon rediscovery of SCP-5034, all available Foundation personnel attempt to smash the marbles with sledgehammers.  
> **Result:** Five marbles successfully destroyed[15](javascript:;). However, they subsequently reappear inside the bowl. Destruction failure.

> **Experiment 5034-5**
> 
> **Conditions:** Upon rediscovery of SCP-5034, all available Foundation personnel[16](javascript:;) attempt to smash the marbles with sledgehammers.  
> **Result:** Six marbles successfully destroyed. However, they subsequently reappear inside the bowl. Destruction failure[17](javascript:;).

> **Experiment 5034-6**
> 
> **Conditions:** Upon rediscovery of SCP-5034, all Foundation personnel attempt to destroy the marbles with whatever tools are on hand.
> 
> **Result:** All seven marbles successfully destroyed. They subsequently reappear inside the bowl[18](javascript:;).

* * *

**Addendum 5034-2:**

As the Foundation budget is now approaching bankruptcy, further experimentation is not possible[19](javascript:;).

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). See Containment Attempt 5034-17 for more details.

[2](javascript:;). Criteria for likely attack sites is currently undetermined.

[3](javascript:;). Formed following initial commencement of hostilities on 15/09/2020.

[4](javascript:;). Although this planet-wide range has been confirmed, it is currently unknown whether it extends beyond that.

[5](javascript:;). Individual appearances variable. Refer to sighting logs for a full description of SCP-5034 appearances.

[6](javascript:;). Use of the prototype Adaptive Containment Chamber (ACC) was approved for this purpose.

[7](javascript:;). Full casualty reports are not yet available due to lack of up-to-date information.

[8](javascript:;). Attempts to directly breach metaphysical camouflage have thus far been unsuccessful.

[9](javascript:;). For full information on asynchronous war planning, consult the Foundation War Committee.

[10](javascript:;). A full list of engagements is available in the Site-19 Site-37 Site-22 Site-92 archives.

[11](javascript:;). Operation conducted in cooperation with the Global Occult Coalition.

[12](javascript:;). BK-Class scenario officially declared one hour later.

[13](javascript:;). Constructed via a conjunction of several requisitioned anomalies.

[14](javascript:;). See Autopsy Report 5034-29331 for full details.

[15](javascript:;). Partial destruction of the sixth entity insufficient due to regenerative capabilities.

[16](javascript:;). Operation conducted in cooperation with all remaining world governments under the Pangaea Agreement.

[17](javascript:;). Current hypothesis is that all seven entities must be eliminated to ensure successful termination.

[18](javascript:;). In accordance with joint EC and O5 ruling, mass euthanasia options are currently being considered.

[19](javascript:;). Burn our bodies.