/\* Classic SCP Foundation Theme \* \[2020 Wikidot Theme\] \* Created by Lt Flops \*\*/
 
/\* ---- PAGE WRAP ---- \*/ div#container-wrap{ background-image: url(http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Aclassic/classic\_body\_bg.png); background-repeat: repeat-x; } /\* ---- HEADERS ---- \*/ span, a{ word-break: unset; } h1{ font-size: 190%; } h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6{ font-family: "Trebuchet MS", "Trebuchet", "Verdana", "Arial", "Helvetica", sans-serif; } #header h1, #header h2{ margin-left: -.16em; } #header h1{ max-height: 105px; margin: 0; } #header h2{ margin: 0; } /\* ---- SITE HEADER ---- \*/ #header h1 a, #header h2 span{ color: transparent; text-shadow: none; } #header h1 a{ font-family: "Trebuchet MS", "Trebuchet", "Verdana", "Arial", "Helvetica", sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0; } #header h1 a::before, #header h2 span::before{ text-shadow: none; } #header h1 a::before{ content: "The SCP Foundation"; color: hsl(0, 0%, 93%); } #header h2 span::before{ content: "To Secure, Contain, and Protect"; color: hsl(353, 100%, 30%); } /\* ---- TOP MENU ---- \*/ #header{ background: none; } #top-bar ul li, #top-bar ul li ul{ box-shadow: none; } #top-bar ul li ul{ border-color: hsl(0, 0%, 27%); border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 1px; } #top-bar ul li a{ border-color: hsl(0, 0%, 27%); border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 1px; } #top-bar ul li a::before{ content: "\["; } #top-bar ul li a::after{ content: "\]"; position: relative;
 
/\* NOTE: The Top Bar Menu has spaces after each bullet, which is why this is done: \*/ left: -.3em; } #top-bar ul li ul li a::before{ content: unset; } #top-bar ul li ul li a::after{ content: unset; } .mobile-top-bar{ bottom: -.5px; } /\* ---- SEARCH BOX ---- \*/ #search-top-box input.empty{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 45%); } #search-top-box-input{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 100%); border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 47%); border-radius: 0; box-shadow: none; } #search-top-box-input:hover, #search-top-box-input:focus{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 100%); border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 47%); box-shadow: none; } #search-top-box-form input\[type\="submit"\]{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background: hsl(0, 0%, 96%); border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 67%); border-radius: 0; box-shadow: none; font-size: 100%; font-weight: normal; } #search-top-box-form input\[type\="submit"\]:hover, #search-top-box-form input\[type\="submit"\]:focus{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background: hsl(0, 0%, 87%); border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 67%); box-shadow: none; } /\* ---- SIDE MENU ---- \*/ #side-bar{ clear: both; padding: .78em; padding-bottom: 0; border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 87%); border-radius: 0; box-shadow: none; } #side-bar .side-block{ margin-bottom: .78em; background: transparent; border: none; border-radius: 0; box-shadow: none; } #side-bar .heading{ padding-left: 0; color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); border-bottom: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 67%); } /\* ---- INFO BAR ---- \*/ body{ --barColour: hsl(0, 0%, 28%); } /\* ---- INFO PANE ---- \*/ .creditRate{ margin-right: 0 !important; border: none !important; } .rate-box-with-credit-button{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 40%) !important; border: none !important; border-radius: 0 !important; box-shadow: none !important; } .creditButton p a{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 95%); border-left: none !important; } .rate-box-with-credit-button .fa-info:hover{ color: hsl(112, 100%, 77%); } .modalbox{ max-height: unset !important; border-radius: 0 !important; box-shadow: none !important; } /\* ---- PAGE RATING ---- \*/ .page-rate-widget-box{ margin-right: 0; border-radius: 0; box-shadow: none; } .page-rate-widget-box .rate-points{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 40%) !important; border: none; border-radius: 0; } .page-rate-widget-box .rateup, .page-rate-widget-box .ratedown{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 87%); border: none; font-weight: normal; } .page-rate-widget-box .rateup a, .page-rate-widget-box .ratedown a{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); } .page-rate-widget-box .rateup a:hover, .page-rate-widget-box .ratedown a:hover{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background: hsl(0, 0%, 93%); text-decoration: underline; } .page-rate-widget-box .cancel{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 87%); border: none; border-radius: 0; } .page-rate-widget-box .cancel a{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); text-transform: lowercase; } .page-rate-widget-box .cancel a:hover{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); background: hsl(0, 0%, 93%); text-decoration: underline; } /\* ----- GENERAL ----- \*/ body{ color: hsl(0, 0%, 5%); word-break: unset; } hr{ height: 0; margin: 1em 0; background-color: transparent; border-top: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 67%); } /\* ---- IMAGE BLOCK ---- \*/ .scp-image-block.block-right{ margin: 0 0 1em 2em; box-shadow: none; } /\* ---- CLASSIC IMAGE BLOCK DIV ---- \*/ .classic-image-block{ float: right; width: 300px; margin: 0 0 1em 2em; text-align: center; } /\* ---- YUI TABS ---- \*/ .yui-navset .yui-nav a, .yui-navset .yui-navset-top .yui-nav a{ /\* ---- Tab Background Colour | \[UNSELECTED\] ---- \*/ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 100%);
    /\* -------- \*/ background-image: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav a:focus{ /\* ---- Tab Background Colour | \[HOVER\] ---- \*/ background-color: hsl(0, 49%, 91%);
    /\* -------- \*/ background-image: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:focus, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:hover{ /\* ---- Tab Background Colour | \[SELECTED\] ---- \*/ background-color: hsl(0, 70%, 35%);
    /\* -------- \*/ background-image: none; } /\* --- INTERWIKI --- \*/ iframe.scpnet-interwiki-frame{ position: relative; width: 17em; height: 12em; margin-left: .313em; background-color: transparent; } /\* ---- MOBILE MEDIA QUERIES ---- \*/ @media (max-width: 767px){ #side-bar .side-block{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 100%); } #side-bar:after{ background-color: hsla(0, 0%, 30%, .2); } } @media (max-width: 479px), @media (min-width: 480px) and (max-width: 580px), @media (min-width: 581px) and (max-width: 767px){ #side-bar .side-block{ background-color: hsl(0, 0%, 100%); } #side-bar:after{ background-color: hsla(0, 0%, 30%, .2); } #header, .mobile-top-bar{ max-width: 95%; } .mobile-top-bar{ left: 0; } }

  
**Item #:** SCP-5051

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Investigation into the original purpose of SCP-5051 is to continue.

**Description:** SCP-5051 is a remote, concrete structure in Siberia of unknown purpose.

Externally, SCP-5051 is of similar construction style to Foundation provisional buildings of the 1950s. Internally, SCP-5051 possesses no abnormalities except for a former broom closet lined with containment-grade alloy blast shielding.

SCP-5051 appears on no Foundation lists, and no record exists of its construction or former staff. No identifying material remains, except for the words "SCP-5051" written on a sticky note on a door, and a broken Foundation ID reader at the door to the broom closet.

Entering the broom closet causes inconsistent memory loss, the instantaneous formation of burns on the head, and confusion. The broom closet is otherwise found to be empty.

Opening a damaged wall revealed a personal storage vault, which contained a personal Foundation-issue tablet.

The tablet appeared to contain no data; however, personnel affected by SCP-5051 claimed to see several files existing on the tablet, which they transcribed to the best of their ability.  
  
  
  

[ENTER CREDENTIALS](javascript:;)

[ACCESS GRANTED](javascript:;)

  

**Item #:** SCP-5051

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5051 is contained in an isolated chamber in the lowest floor of Provisional Site-273.

Further data regarding SCP-5051's containment is restricted to operative personnel directly in contact with SCP-5051. The identities of these personnel have been removed from the main Foundation database.

Sapient personnel are not to come in contact with SCP-5051, nor become aware of SCP-5051's nature or identity, except by direct assignment by the SCP-5051 Project Head.

**Description:** \[DATA EXPUNGED\]

  
  
  
  
Analysis of the tablet is ongoing.  
  
  
  

[ENTER CREDENTIALS](javascript:;)

[ACCESS GRANTED](javascript:;)

> This is the file for SCP-5051. If you're cleared to read this, you are now on the SCP-5051 team (and your predecessor (me) is dead.) If not, I'd tell you to stop reading now, but it's probably too late for you anyway. Welcome to Site-97.  
> And for what it's worth, I'm sorry.  
> \- SCP-5051 Project Head \[DATA LOST\]

  

**Item #:** SCP-5051

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5051 is contained in an isolated chamber in the lowest floor of Provisional Site-273.

SCP-5051 is to be contained involving as few humans as possible. Currently, this is achieved with a staff of one person (the Caretaker) caring for SCP-5051 full-time, with assistance by automated systems, which the Caretaker must also be able to maintain.

Replacement of SCP-5051's Caretaker is to be undertaken via standard Foundation "Blind Leading Blind" protocols, ensuring that only the replacement, and the person who initiated the replacement, are aware that the operation concerns SCP-5051.

Research into preserving or encoding further information about SCP-5051 is encouraged to continue. Maybe you won't always have to be alone.

Upon induction as SCP-5051's caretaker, all personal history is to be erased, and any personal items with a sentimental connection specifically identifying the Caretaker are to be collected and destroyed if possible.

SCP-6465 has been placed within Site-97 for the purposes of medical self-diagnosis and longevity, and has been removed from the Foundation database and the number recycled. When SCP-6465 indicates the Candidate is nearing the end of their lifespan, the Candidate must initiate the replacement process and self-terminate within Room 101 in Site-97. The next Candidate must then clean and repair Room-101.

**Description:** SCP-5051 is a humanoid figure exhibiting a powerful teleohazard.[1](javascript:;)

SCP-5051 corrupts any ontological connection or relation between it and any person with a relationship specific to it (e.g. "SCP-5051's mother", "SCP-5051's neighbor", "SCP-5051 researcher").

The degree of this "corruption" increases with the length and depth of the connection between SCP-5051 and the target. The connection also does not need to be mutual; connections that only one of the two knows exists have also been affected.

The corruption of these connections manifests as the gradual replacement of shared history. Sentimental items, keepsakes, and mementos generated over the course of the connection lose distinguishing information, degrading into featureless orange orbs. Further corruption results in even shared memories degrading, with the other person only able to recall the image of the orange orbs when pressed about shared events or links to SCP-5051.

When this connection ends in any manner, SCP-5051's effect annihilates all evidence of the connection outside its own mind. All of the orange orbs detonate explosively, as does the connected person. Additionally, the resulting conceptual "crater" prevents any information about or from the connection from being retrieved.

**Interview Log 5051-A:**

> \[BEGIN LOG\]  
> **Caretaker:** Hello, 5051.
> 
> (_SCP-5051 sighs._)
> 
> **Caretaker:** I'm sorry. I don't know your name.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** That's the thing. I don't either. And even if I made up a new one, you'd probably forget it eventually anyway.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Are you sure there's nothing you remember? Anything deep down in there from your past?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I already told you. It's all gone. Wiped clean. (_pause_) You don't have to do this, you know.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Do what?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Try to engage with me or be my friend.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Well, what else am I going to do?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You could just never come in here, like the last one did. IV nutrition, do all the maintenance while I was asleep.
> 
> **Caretaker:** I wouldn't- wait. You remember the previous caretaker?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** No.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Then how did you-
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I don't remember anything about them, but I know I'm older than you. So obviously I had one before you. I can't consciously remember the previous ones, whoever they were, but I know they existed.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Yes, but how do you remember their behavior?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** The crater they left wasn't as big.
> 
> (_Silence._)
> 
> **SCP-5051:** When someone leaves me, and everything goes "boom", I feel it. Every single time. It's like a missile strike inside my brain. It burns just trying to remember _anything_ about that person afterwards, because the metaphorical, or maybe literal, crater is still hot. And the closer I was to that person, the bigger the explosion. I don't want you to get hurt.
> 
> **Caretaker:** I see.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Why are you recording this, anyway? It'll be gone when the next person comes.  
> \[END LOG\]

**Interview Log 5051-B:**

> \[BEGIN LOG\]
> 
> **SCP-5051:** What do you want?
> 
> **Caretaker:** Hey, 5051. I've got some questions for you.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Fine.
> 
> **Caretaker:** Do you have any idea how long you've been in here?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I- no.
> 
> **Caretaker:** There's something tripping me up about all this.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You mean besides being trapped with me in a vault and becoming a ticking time bomb?
> 
> **Caretaker:** Yeah, besides that.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Shoot.
> 
> **Caretaker:** There's no harm in telling _you_ this: when I got "recruited" or "assigned" to this, the documents said that someone had to initiate the replacement process before they died. But how did the first person set up all this secrecy in the first place before they forgot everything?
> 
> \[DATA LOST\]
> 
> \[END LOG\]

**Interview 5051-C:**

> \[BEGIN LOG\]
> 
> (_File is heavily corrupted. Only visible object in frame is an orange sphere. Two voices are heard, one of which is similar to SCP-5051's._)
> 
> **Indistinct Voice:** The toy says I've got about a week left. (_cough_)
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I'm sorry.
> 
> **Voice:** No, I'm sorry. I tried to fix this, and all I did was make it worse.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You know, you used to tell me not to say things like that when you first started here.
> 
> **Voice:** I did? I can't remember.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I know. I just wish there was a way to save any of this, for the next person's sake. Are you worried?
> 
> **Voice:** Not as much as I thought I'd be. But won't it hurt you?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** It doesn't matter, John. You won't be around to know, anyway, and I'm almost starting to get used to it after so many times.
> 
> **Voice:** How- (_coughs_) how many?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Fifty? Fifty-one, maybe.
> 
> **Voice:** Wait.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** What?
> 
> **Voice:** Wait wait wait. That can't be right.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Well, I've been here longer than you. You forgot I don't age, didn't you? And you've only been here a fraction of that.
> 
> **Voice:** Yeah, about 10 years.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** No, wait, you shouldn't be able to remember that-
> 
> **Voice:** Who started this whole protocol, anyway?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I don't remember names. Wouldn't whoever they were count as my "warden" or something?
> 
> **Voice:** Did you ever feel them go boom?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You can't expect me to keep track of every single explosion, they all blur together after so long-
> 
> **Voice:** But if you didn't know about it, then they would have also not had to know about it. And that's possible, with amnestics or even weirder stuff we have around here.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You're saying-
> 
> **Voice:** How old are you?
> 
> **SCP-5051:** I told you, I don't remember-
> 
> **Voice:** Exactly. You _haven't_ been in here for centuries.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** Even if I accept for a second that that's true, what difference does it make?
> 
> **Voice:** It makes all the difference.
> 
> **SCP-5051:** You're scaring me now.
> 
> \[DATA CORRUPTED\]
> 
> **Unclear:** (_This voice is similar to that of both Voice 1 and SCP-5051._) I'm sorry. I just need to be free.  
> (_A struggle is heard, followed by a grunt and the snapping of bones._)  
> \[FURTHER DATA CORRUPTED\]

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). A _teleohazard_ affects relations or connections.