**Anomaly #:** SCP-5097

**Anomaly Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** In the event SCP-5097 returns to existence, it is to be severely reprimanded and placed in a humanoid containment cell.

The note SCP-5097 left behind is currently held in an Anomalous Items locker.

**Description:** SCP-5097 is [Senior Researcher](http://www.scp-wiki.net/somnambulant-directives-take-the-helm) [Kassidy Kara](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hurt), a former member of the Site-17 Extra-Realistics Department[1](javascript:;). On 4/8/20, Dr. Kara removed themself from baseline reality and ceased existing.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-5097 was discovered after Foundation .aic units detected a sudden loss of data associated with Dr. Kara[2](javascript:;) at 9:58 PM on 4/9/20. At the same time, several personnel acquainted with Dr. Kara had noticed their lack of activity around the Site, and could neither access past e-mails with Dr. Kara nor send them new ones.

An investigation was launched, revealing their private quarters contained only a handwritten note on their desk (see Addendum). Whom it was addressed to is unknown.

Automated extranormal detection programs deployed by Site Command were able to recognize several residual [olf](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-5850)[3](javascript:;) fluctuations that had occurred within Dr. Kara's quarters. From the readings, a timeline of these fluctuations was established, revealing Dr. Kara had separated themself from baseline reality on 4/8/20, at approximately 4:25 AM.

Dr. Kara was designated as SCP-5097 on 4/10/20, and its containment procedures were officialized shortly after.

**Addendum:** The note left by SCP-5097.

  

> Sorry, but I really just didn't feel like coming into work today.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). Up until their classification as SCP-5097, Dr. Kara had worked under the Foundation for 6 years.

[2](javascript:;). Their personnel file was the first to be detected as missing. Their reports on multiple anomalies were found to be blanked shortly after, followed by their SCiPnet account becoming invalid.

[3](javascript:;). Hypothetical measurements used to quantify anti-dimensions or anti-spacetime phenomena within a given system. Olf values closer to 0 operate similarly to our reality.