**Item #:** SCP-5118

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5118 is to be kept in a soundproof humanoid containment cell at Site-17. Any personnel that is to be added to SCP-5118's research team, or will be making use of SCP-5118 for the research of other SCP's, must first meet SCP-5118 alone within its containment chamber.

While alone with SCP-5118, personnel must divulge to it all Foundation security passwords they have created for their position, as well as any secrets about themselves that could be used as blackmail by SCP-5118 to breach containment. To ensure that personnel feel comfortable confessing to SCP-5118, no recording of these meetings is to take place. Any requests for additional meetings with SCP-5118 are to be granted, and any reasons for these requests are not required to be provided.

**Description:** SCP-5118 is a human male of 20 years, whose anomalous properties manifest as the ability to know everything an individual has not said about themselves instead of what they have. If an individual were to only give SCP-5118 their name, SCP-5118 would know every detail regarding that individual aside from their name. Conversely, any information an individual conveys about themselves to SCP-5118 is immediately forgotten by SCP-5118 and cannot be relearned by it. For additional details on SCP-5118's effects, see test logs.

SCP-5118 entered Foundation custody on ██/██/2018 after being escorted to Site-17 by Field Agent ██████. Upon its arrival, SCP-5118 requested to enter containment voluntarily, provided that it would have its memories of life outside of containment removed. SCP-5118 divulged that it had learned of the Foundation's existence after encountering Field Agent ██████, and had become curious after Field Agent ██████ did not truthfully state what they did for a living.

* * *

**Interview 5118-1**

* * *

\[BEGIN LOG\]

**Dr. Brink:** Hello, SCP-5118.

**SCP-5118:** Hello Doctor.

_Doctor Brink reaches out a hand, SCP-5118 does not shake it._

**Dr. Brink:** Is… something wrong?

**SCP-5118:** Wash your hands, please. Or at least don't use the restroom before coming here.

**Dr. Brink:** I suppose we can forgeo the hand shake. How are you feeling?

**SCP-5118:** Fine. Are you going to ask me the questions you wrote down? Or should I just go ahead?

**Dr. Brink:** For the sake of our records I am going to ask them, yes. Why did you come to containment?

_SCP-5118 is silent, and continues to stare at the interview table_

**Dr. Brink:** SCP-5118?

**SCP-5118:** Sorry, I've just never really had the chance to explain what this is like. At least, not without worrying about the person reacting badly, or even violently. Whenever I needed to tell someone, I'd have to prove it, or they'd think I'm mentally ill. After I would…. well, there's this moment, and you can see it happen in their faces, when they suddenly realize that I know every little horrible thing about them. They'll say I'm insane to cover themselves, or threaten me to make sure I don't tell anyone else. They never just admit it so I can forget. They can't trust that I really do.

**Dr. Brink:** So is it for safety? Coming to the Foundation seems a bit extreme for that. Why not just live alone?

**SCP-5118:** What do you think I've been doing? It's not about safety. I still know. I still remember everything. Every person who's ever said hello to me, or who'd ask me the time, I still know everything about them. Every disgusting, depraved, selfish, ill-meaning thing about them. When you talk to people outside, they probably tell you how proud they are of their children, or how they love your hair. Those things get taken from me the moment they mention them. What they don’t tell you is how they want to \[REDACTED\], or that they just wish \[REDACTED\]. Those are the things I hear instead. Even if I lived alone, I can't forget the things I know, and I can't stop people from entering my life forever. Every so often I can't help but give into how lonely it gets. At least I'm locked up here. Gone cold turkey from people now.

**Dr. Brink:** You don’t seem to object to meeting new staff. Are they not people?

**SCP-5118:** It's different here. I'm actually really happy about it so far. I think you all just tell me the bad things about yourselves. At least, that’s what I’m guessing. I don't seem to know anything that horrible about any of you. I just know all the nice things about you instead, like how you visit your kids' rooms every morning before going to work just to see them sleeping. Or how researcher Brown thanks the site's janitors and cafeteria workers every day. I actually feel safe here. Or, I don't know, maybe I'm just so desperate to like people for once.

**Dr. Brink:** Don't you miss anyone? Your parents? Friends?

**SCP-5118:** I had a dog once, but it passed. I knew it loved me, and because it couldn't tell me it loved me, I didn't have to worry about losing knowing that. Not like when my parents must have told me. At least I'm guessing they told me. I don't remember if they do or don't. I don't even know who they are, because they must have told me that as well.

**Dr. Brink:** If we could restore some of your knowledge, like who your parents are, would you be interested?

**SCP-5118:** So I can miss them? I'm fine, thank you.

**Dr. Brink:** Hopefully the Foundation can find something to help with your condition.

**SCP-5118:** For only altruistic reasons, I'm sure. But if you can get all this knowledge out of my head, you can do whatever you want.

\[END LOG\]

* * *

**Initial Test Logs**

_Subjects used in testing SCP-5118 will be Researchers Brown and Patey. D-Class will not be used, both because we cannot confirm truthful information regarding D-Class personnel, and in order to avoid unnecessary distress to SCP-5118 during testing._ - Dr. Brink

[► SCP-5118 Anomalous Ability Tests 1 - 5 ◄](javascript:;)

[▼ Access Granted ▼](javascript:;)

**Card Test**

Procedure

First subject is to observe a second subject pick a card from a standard deck of playing cards. Afterward, first subject is to meet with SCP-5118 and ask it to state the card the second subject picked.

Result

SCP-5118 is aware that the first subject did go to observe someone pick a card, but does not know what card was drawn by the second subject or who the second subject was.

**Name Tag Test**

Procedure

Subject is to meet with SCP-5118 while wearing a name tag, then tell SCP-5118 their name. Afterward, SCP-5118 is to be requested to read the name tag affixed to the subject aloud, and then state what the subject's name is.

Result

After being told the subjects name, SCP-5118 is still able to read the name tag aloud, and is aware that it contains the subjects name, but is unable to retain the subjects name after reading it.

**Story Test**

Procedure

Subject is to read a short story. Afterward, the subject is to meet with SCP-5118 and request that SCP-5118 give as much information regarding the story as possible - including the characters' names, locations, and plot.

Result

SCP-5118 is unable to write any character names or locations, but is able to make a slight approximation of the plot through the subject’s personal feelings about the story.

**Memory Test**

Procedure

Subject is to ask SCP-5118 what their first chosen password under foundation employ was, which they can no longer remember due to forgetting it.

Result

SCP-5118 is unable to answer what the subject's forgotten password was.

**Amnestic Test**

Procedure

SCP-5118 is to have its knowledge of the previous tests removed via amnestics.

Result

SCP-5118's memory is only partially affected. Though SCP-5118 does not remember the tests directly, SCP-5118 is still aware that researchers Brown and Patey had just been testing an SCP, and then discerned that the SCP tested was itself. After researcher Brown was also administered amnestics regarding the previous tests, SCP-5118 is no longer aware of her involvement, nor of the tests in which she was the subject.

_SCP-5118's abilities seem to be smaller in scope than first anticipated. Not only is SCP-5118 limited only to knowledge that a subject has about themselves, it is only able to access knowledge the subject remembers. We can't seem to wash its mind of the things it knows about people, because that knowledge isn't within SCP-5118's own mind, it's within the subjects themselves._ - Dr. Brink

Researcher Patey has since proposed the use of SCP-5118 to interview other SCP's at Site-17, as SCP-5118 could uncover information not divulged by other sentient SCP's. This is currently under consideration by the Site Director and the O5 Council.

* * *

**Interview 5118-2**

* * *

\[BEGIN LOG\]

**Dr. Brink:** Hello, SCP-5118.

**SCP-5118:** Hello Doctor.

_Doctor Brink reaches out a hand, SCP-5118 reaches out its own hand and shakes it._

**SCP-5118:** Better.

**Dr. Brink:** I've found it's easier to be cleaner than it is to try and tell you everything I don't want you to know.

**SCP-5118:** Ask your question.

**Dr. Brink:** Not much for small talk are you.

**SCP-5118:** About me, yes. Not about you. You doing small talk means getting to know you. Getting to know you means knowing less about you. The question, please.

**Dr. Brink:** The foundation was wondering if you'd consider helping us, by interviewing other anomalous individuals such as yourself. Tell us what they aren't saying.

**SCP-5118:** I'm not interviewing anything you have here until I can get a guaranteed way to forget whatever I dig up.

**Dr. Brink:** Even if the foundation provides you with an SCP we guarantee is benign?

**SCP-5118:** You don't know what you don't know. Figure out a way to fix me first.

**Dr. Brink:** Depending on what you could uncover, you may save countless lives. Many people would be in your debt if you helped us.

**SCP-5118:** I don't want to help people. People are horrible, and I know it. It's the whole reason I'm here. Fix me, and I'd probably be a lot more agreeable about this.

**Dr. Brink:** Understandable. Is there anything we can do to make your time here more pleasant?

**SCP-5118:** Am I able to get some books? Something to pass the time?

**Dr. Brink:** What kind would you like?

**SCP-5118:** Mystery, preferably. I don’t get to enjoy mysteries normally.

**Dr. Brink:** Oh? You know I love a series called-

**SCP-5118:** I know. Please don't tell me. I'd like to share that feeling.

**Dr. Brink:** Right, sorry. It’s a shame, I know I have a pile of the series somewhere in my house, I just don’t remember where. I suppose I couldn’t ask you where they were?

**SCP-5118:** If you knew, I'd tell you.

**Dr. Brink:** I'll see if I can do some digging. Don't be worried about damaging them, they're already in rough shape from how much- well, I guess you know.

**SCP-5118:** I do. Thank you, David. I appreciate it.

**Dr. Brink:** Thank you for your time, SCP-5118.

\[END LOG\]

The Foundation is currently considering abducting key individuals SCP-5118 has interacted with previously, and having them confess to it all information they have that distresses it. However, this does not solve the issue of distressing knowledge that could be gained by interviewing other SCP's.

Researcher Patey proposed a solution. Through the heavy use of amnestics and interrogation, SCP-5118 could be psychologically brainwashed into believing that the facts it knows about people in the outside world do not pertain to real people. Considering the magnitude of public amnestization that would otherwise be required, and SCP-5118's reluctance to interview other SCP’s, this approach has been granted by the Site Director.

On ██/██/2019, Through the repeated use of amnestics and psychiatric interviews, SCP-5118 has now been convinced of having residual schizophrenia. However, SCP-5118 has continued to ask questions regarding the facility and Foundation faculty. On repeat occasions, SCP-5118 has managed to regain and believe a truthful understanding of its containment through its anomalous ability. Due to this behavior, the process of repeated amnestic use and psychiatric interviews may have to be redone after SCP-5118 is used to interview another SCP.

_The treatment of SCP-5118 has been completely unnecessary, cruel, and sets a terrible precedent for the Foundation. SCP-5118 wasn't a danger to the world. It didn't require an MTF to get into containment. SCP-5118 came here willingly. Given enough time, more research, or even an emergency, SCP-5118 could have become a lifelong partner with the Foundation. Instead, we have a raving madman that can be pushed around if we shove hard enough. Our primary objective is to secure, contain, protect. Not to control. Not like this._ - Dr. Brink

Due to the lasting stress placed on SCP-5118, it is Researcher Patey's estimate that SCP-5118 will only be able to perform █ interviews of other SCP's before complete mental collapse. Thusly, it is their recommendation that SCP-5118 only be used in critical circumstances as permitted by the O5 Council.

* * *

**Addendum**

Researcher Patey has been elevated to head of SCP-5118's research department, replacing former research head Dr. Brink. Due to his increased levels of stress and consistent complaints, Dr. Brink has since been amnestized and moved elsewhere under Foundation employ. SCP-5118 is to be taught that Dr. Brink is not a real individual, just as it is told about the people it knows of in the world outside of containment.