**Item #:5119**  
**Object Class:Safe**

**Special Containment Procedures**  
SCP-5119 is to be kept inside of a 2 meter by 2 meter glass box inside of a 7 meter by 6 meter containment cell. The Cell does not require security personnel present unless testing is taking place. Personnel wishing to perform tests involving SCP-5119 are to obtain level 2 authorization or higher and require at least one security personnel to be present on scene.

**Description**  
SCP-5119 appears to be a small ammunition bag manufactured in early 1916 in ████ and is around 1.3 meters in length. SCP-5119 will (when provided with a weapon) produce an infinite stream of ammunition from an indeterminate source. SCP-5119 will either produce fully loaded magazines or single rounds depending on the nature of the weapon. SCP-5119 can also produce ammunition larger than its physical dimensions, this includes 120mm tank shells and 85mm Rocket propelled grenades. SCP-5119 will only exhibit its anomalous properties if a firearm is placed within a 2 meter radius around SCP-5119. Extensive testing has been done to uncover the origin of SCP-5119's ammunition but nothing has proved effective. All ammunition dispensed from SCP-5119 should be labeled as SCP- 5119-1 respectively. After a fatal shooting with ████████ police department and █████ the foundation was contacted when local police reported the gunman “never stopped shooting” it is estimated the shooter fired over 8400 rounds from 4 different weapons before they were terminated by MTF Pi-1 this is where SCP-5119's anomalous properties were discovered.

[+ Test Logs](javascript:;)

[\- Test Logs](javascript:;)

**Testing Log on SCP-5119**  
**Subject**: D-Class operating a belt fed M249 Squad Automatic Weapon (SAW)  
**Briefing**: Subject was told to place the 5.56x45 ammunition belt exiting the top of SCP-5119 into the weapon and begin firing.  
**Results**:  
D-Class fired approximately 780 rounds from the weapon resulting in the barrel overheating and melting slightly, causing the weapon to malfunction and cease fire. Once the weapon ceased fire the belt retracted back into SCP-5119, around 10 minutes after the weapon ceased fire SCP-5119 zipped itself back up and sat motionless until collected by staff and placed back into containment.

**Testing Log on SCP-5119**  
**Subject**: D-Class  
**Briefing**: Subject was instructed to reach into SCP-5119  
**Results**:  
D-Class seemed hesitant at the beginning of the test but eventually reached into SCP-5119  
D-Classes arm up to the clavicle was fully submerged into SCP-5119. The D-Class reported there was no bottom and was showing visual signs of stress. The D-Class pulled their arm out and reported nothing unusual. After 138 minutes the D-Class began pushing their back against the wall and telling personnel to get down. When asked what they were seeing the D-Class stated that the Germans would be on them in seconds and they had to get down. When asked what they meant by the “Germans” the D-Class pushed a researcher and stated that the staff had to get back in the fight or they would win. After this episode the D-Class experienced effects of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and was kept on close watch during this time period. Nothing of interest happened, The D-Class was returned to their cell without further incident.