**Item #:** SCP-5128

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5128 is currently uncontained. It is currently unknown if it is possible to contain SCP-5128. There is no consensus on whether it should be contained or not, either.

**Description:** SCP-5128 is defined as the theoretical source of all anomalous behavior. There is much debate within the Foundation about what SCP-5128 is and what it is not, and on whether it should be researched or not.

Below are essays from the main researchers assigned to the study of SCP-5128 (and some other researchers of the Foundation) and their personal opinions and hypotheses on the subject. Information on current research on SCP-5128 is currently restricted to Level 4 Research personnel.

[+ Manifesto for the Investigation of the Source of Anomalous Behavior, by Dr. Cindi van Veenen](javascript:;)

[\-  Manifesto for the Investigation of the Source of Anomalous Behavior, by Dr. Cindi van Veenen](javascript:;)

> Manifesto for the Investigation of the Source of Anomalous Behavior
> 
>   
> _Dr. Cindi van Veenen_
> 
> The SCP Foundation was founded on a basic principle: Secure, Contain and Protect anomalies. While it still does so, during the years following its inception it also branched into another, equally important, branch: that of research. A branch that emerged out of necessity: if we know what we are dealing with, it is easier to contain it. Many of the greatest minds of this planet have been gathered into the Foundation in order to know more about the anomalies we have discovered, and many excellent publications have come from out of it.
> 
> But, still, it seems we have gotten nowhere.
> 
> Yes, I know, we have had many breakthroughs in thaumaturgy, theurgy and even reality- and time-altering technology since we begun researching into those topics. We know how many things work, while some still remain a mystery. I am not denying that. I recognize the importance of those achievements. But, coming from a physics background, I cannot help but wonder:
> 
> Why haven’t we tried to figure out why all that works?
> 
> For some reason, whenever I tried to start a discussion with some of my peers in the subject, I was answered with ridicule. Do you all really think this is so far-fetched to think about? That it is impossible to figure out the nature of the anomalies? To discover the underlying rules that make them come to existence? Or do you merely think that they are all result of our universe (or the whole of the multi-verse, for that matter) just being simply irrational?
> 
> Well, I present you this: if it is so irrational, how can people (humans, just like us) have figured out how to use it, intentionally, in order to create anomalies themselves? Look at [Anderson Robotics](/anderson-robotics-hub), [Gamers Against Weed](/gamers-against-weed-hub), and many others. There are _factories_ of anomalous objects. We have the best minds of science right here and we still haven’t gotten close to that level of reality-altering power. Why?
> 
> As we still are much more focused on analyzing SCPs and their properties rather than trying to answer questions of such importance, I will then word those questions in a different way:
> 
> Just think this through with me: there is something, somewhere, somehow, that is what makes such anomalies possible. What is it? How it works? _Why_ it exists? I don’t have a clue. But there are some things that I know for certain about it:  
> 1\. It exists;  
> 2\. It follows rules;  
> 3\. It is responsible for all anomalies that we know and not know of;  
> 4\. It is itself anomalous.
> 
> As it is itself anomalous (and couldn’t be otherwise, as if it wasn’t it would be easily explainable through Physics and whatnot), I am formally requesting that it be designated an SCP number, and therefore, that it be analyzed, studied, and researched just like any other entity would be.

The document above was posted in Dr. van Veenen's personal webpage in the Foundation intranet as well as intranet forums and chat rooms available to researchers that she and other colleagues that support her have access to.

Shortly after posting, she formally requested an SCP number for the anomaly she described, backed by a 356-page thesis. It was approved by the O5 Council and designated SCP-5128, with Dr. van Veenen appointed as Head Researcher. Its research has been allocated to Site-76.

[+ Base Questionings of SCP-5128 and Its Functioning, by Dr. Nikita Yoshida](javascript:;)

[\- Base Questionings of SCP-5128 and Its Functioning, by Dr. Nikita Yoshida](javascript:;)

> Base Questionings of SCP-5128 and Its Functioning
> 
>   
> _Dr. Nikita Yoshida_
> 
> It should already be clear that anomalies follow some basic rules. There seem to be exceptions for such rules, but that just means that we haven't extracted the underlying axioms from the rules we have superficially uncovered.
> 
> Some anomalies have clearly originated from an event of great emotional intensity, especially from suffering. One that comes to mind is [SCP-1518](/scp-1518): the horrors of the Bosnian genocide, particularly in the event described, were sufficient to turn a common object into a Keter-class anomaly. It seems to have been created spontaneously. However, there is also the possibility that at least one of the people being killed possessed the ability to create anomalies or was anomalous themselves. That, of course, also raises some questions: what made them anomalous? What was the first anomaly? How was it created? If there is a source, it must certainly be SCP-5128, whatever it is.
> 
> Still, emotion isn't the only source, otherwise it wouldn't be possible to willingly create anomalous objects or even anomalous humanoids. Or even for some anomalies to exist spontaneously (or even, “naturally”). Where did [SCP-343](/scp-343) come from, for example? Is it really the Abrahamic God? Did it create the universe, as Christians believes, or was the belief in him that gave it life? If we believe hard enough in something, does it come to life?
> 
> As much as I like to think about SCP-5128, I fear that, until we reach a basic agreement on how it works, any reflection upon its behavior is bound to raise many more questions than answers.

[+ SCP-5128 Highlights the Need for Alternative Approaches, by Dr. Damianos Alvey](javascript:;)

[\- SCP-5128 Highlights the Need for Alternative Approaches, by Dr. Damianos Alvey](javascript:;)

> SCP-5128 Highlights the Need for Alternative Approaches
> 
>   
> _Dr. Damianos Alvey_
> 
> As much as I understand the scientific approach the Foundation has, I cannot help but think that it may be the wrong approach. Think about this: [Marshall, Carter, Dark](/marshall-carter-and-dark-hub), the boys and girls of [Gamers Against Weed](/gamers-against-weed-hub), the entire [Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub), these people aren't scientists. Yet, they are able to create anomalies as if it was as easy as, I don't know, making a chemical reaction. The scientific analysis may work to discover better ways to contain anomalies, but it may not be the correct approach to _understand_ anomalies.
> 
> Don't get me wrong: the scientific method is a great way to interpret the world around us. But I fear that trying to explain everything we see through conventional Physics, Chemistry and Biology is not the correct approach. We need to resort to unconventional means of analysis. While, of course, remaining scientific.
> 
> For example, the property of SCP-5128 that Dr. Yoshida mentioned, of anomalies being created through sheer emotional strength, is something that has already been studied by occultists for years, and most of them are not even aware of the full range of possibilities of anomalous properties. [Aleister Crowley](/scp-4220), for example, developed the concept of _magick_ as: "the Science and Art of causing Change to occur in conformity with Will". And indeed, many of the things we see could easily be described by the layman as being "magical", "witchcraft", even "demoniacal".
> 
> Or maybe Plato was right: there is such a thing as a ["World of Forms"](/scp-4500), and we just need to tap into it in order to create what we want through our consciousness. I mean, considering that we have evidence of the existence (in some shape or form) of some Greek gods and mythological creatures, as well as gods from other cultures, it raises the question of what did the Ancient Greek philosophers really know when they proposed their theories. If anomalies were commonplace at the time, they wouldn't really be treated as being anomalous, would they? They would expect the reader to know about their existence already.
> 
> However, what I want to say with this rant is that we should approach this with a mind as open as possible. We cannot explain enough about the anomalies we currently contain (or at least that we know that exist) in order to affirm with certainty that the approach we are taking is necessarily the best one. Every form of knowledge is valid and valuable, and should not be discarded or ridiculed merely due to the current "scientific consensus".

[+ Further Explanations on the Theoretical Model of SCP-5128, by Dr. Keeva Rademacher](javascript:;)

[\- Further Explanations on the Theoretical Model of SCP-5128, by Dr. Keeva Rademacher](javascript:;)

> Further Explanations on the Theoretical Model of SCP-5128
> 
>   
> _Dr. Keeva Rademacher_
> 
> If it is time to raise points, I think I will be raising some more.
> 
> I approve of Dr. van Veenen's approach to the matter and the initiative she to took to make sure it is approached with the necessary seriousness. But for the sake of logical rigor, I feel the need to make some things clear.
> 
> First, SCP-5128 is, as of yet, purely theoretical. I cannot deny its existence, as there must be something dictating the creation and reproduction of anomalous entities. However, we have no means to speculate what exactly it is, or even if it exists in a way that our little brains can conceive in some way. Having any knowledge of it in any form may be an infohazard for all we know.
> 
> Second, we do not know if SCP-5128 is _one_. That is, we do not know if there is a single entity (or whatever) that governs over it all, or if there are multiple entities, each "in charge" of a different aspect of anomalous behavior, and with different properties. We do not know if it’s some kind of "energy", a fundamental particle of matter, or anything of the like.
> 
> Third, we cannot correctly define SCP-5128's object class without knowing what it is. I understand Dr. van Veenen's decision of defining it as Thaumiel, as knowing how anomalies "work" would make it much easier to contain them. However, this assumes that it is not sentient, for example. If it is, it could very well be Euclid, Keter, or even Apollyon for all we know.
> 
> Fourth: if we can discover how it works, is it really an anomaly? If anomalies are entities which deviate from what we define as normal, wouldn't knowing the inner workings of anomalies and how to create them force us to change our definition of normal? Wouldn’t thaumaturgy, theurgy and such become a science like any other?
> 
> Again, I do not want to question the questioning of the Foundation's status quo and van Veenen's approach to the subject, but those are some facts about the matter that we cannot ignore.

[+ A Waste of Valuable Resources, by Dr. Ivo O'Niall](javascript:;)

[\- A Waste of Valuable Resources, by Dr. Ivo O'Niall](javascript:;)

> A Waste of Valuable Resources
> 
>   
> _Dr. Ivo O'Niall_
> 
> Honestly, the more I think about it, there more I come to the conclusion that it is a waste of time.
> 
> Here is the current situation: the Foundation is an organization dedicated to protecting mankind from powers beyond its control, and also to protect anomalies from falling into the wrong hands. This is crucial to the survival of humanity, considering the level of threat that some anomalies have. Just think about [SCP-1425](/scp-1425) and how hard it was to contain it, even considering how lucky we were.
> 
> And now, Dr. van Veenen is trying to divert valuable manpower and resources to study an anomaly that, as Dr. Rademacher describe very well, is purely theoretical. That is: we do not know if it exists. A purely logical approach to the subject should not be enough to warrant its allocation of an SCP number and a research team dedicated to it.
> 
> We are scientists, not philosophers. We do not deal with the imaginary, with the ideal. We deal with evidence. We deal with facts. With analysis. With data. Because we have a whole world to protect. And soon, more than one. The life of an entire species depends on us, and resources are limited.
> 
> I respect the Council's decision on the matter, but I honestly think that it was not the correct one. In a scientific facility, decisions should be based on facts and data rather than rhetoric and sophistry.

[+ SCP-5128: A Search for the Truth, by Dr. Racław Leitzke](javascript:;)

[\- SCP-5128: A Search for the Truth, by Dr. Racław Leitzke](javascript:;)

> SCP-5128: A Search for the Truth
> 
>   
> _Dr. Racław Leitzke_
> 
> A bit of idealism hurts no one. In fact, some times it is even helpful. We need dreamers in order to figure out how to expand the boundaries of our knowledge, and find out what to go after. I'm not saying Dr. van Veenen's vision is a result of an unrealistic interpretation of the world. In fact, having read her thesis, I can say with certainty that she knows exactly what she is doing. She noticed many factors common to the anomalous and non-anomalous worlds and discovered that there must be something behind them, and laid down the ground for more study on it.
> 
> I think we scientists, after years of working on the same things, doing the same procedures, and thinking mostly in same way, tend to be a bit too stuck to what we do, and to what we know and consider to be true. After some time, we tend to forget what really is Science.
> 
> Science is about finding the truth. Much like Philosophy, although we don't tend to capitalize "truth". We have our own way of going after it, and it involves data, tests, experiments, control groups, and similar procedures. But it also involves formulating hypotheses, and defending them.
> 
> I understand Dr. O'Niall's worries about this endeavor, but I’d like to remind him that, since humans started discovering and describing patterns in the world, they also tried to formulate and test a "Theory of Everything", the one theory that would be able to describe how everything works. After centuries working on it, we still haven’t reached it. But that never stopped us from trying.
> 
> Because that is what Science is about: going after the truth. And in our case, the truth is that one theoretical thing (or set of things) governs how our world works. And from the looks of it, SCP-5128, whatever it is, may be an integral part of it.

[+ Cross-testing is Currently Restricted for a Very Good Reason, Dr. Lillie Palmeiro](javascript:;)

[\- Cross-testing is Currently Restricted for a Very Good Reason, Dr. Lillie Palmeiro](javascript:;)

> Cross-testing is Currently Restricted for a Very Good Reason
> 
>   
> _Dr. Lillie Palmeiro_
> 
> Although I understand the nature of this research, I think prematurely considering it "Thaumiel" is a bit of hubris on our part. Why? Because it assumes that we will be able to control it, and use it according to our will in order to more easily contain other anomalies. While my wishful thinking makes me really want that to be the case, a realistic approach would see that current evidence points against it.
> 
> After all, has any GoI or PoI encountered by the Foundation that is able to create anomalies at will shown rational and ethical behavior that conform to their societies' standards? [Gamers Against Weed](/gamers-against-weed-hub) are a bunch of inconsequential children, [Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub) is completely anti-ethical, arrogant and self-centered, and don't get me started on [Wondertainment](/dr-wondertainment-hub). I do not know if they fully understand what SCP-5128 is or not, but the relationship between anomalous behavior and irrational behavior is too obvious to ignore.
> 
> We cannot let our optimism and expectations get the best of us when testing our findings (even if theoretical) and do something stupid like try to neutralize [SCP-682](/scp-682) at the first sign of something that just _might_ work. Containment breaches are a reality, are serious, and they involve unacceptable loss of valuable personnel and resources.
> 
> Also, researchers assigned to it should take care not to let it get to their heads. As SCP-5128 is something that (apparently) cannot kill you if you do something stupid, the "privilege" of working on it, along with the importance it is taking thanks to Dr. van Veenen, is bound to create tensions among researchers, as there some that do risk their lives everyday by researching and containing extremely deadly anomalies.

Dr. Palmeiro requested that the object class be changed to "Unknown" in order to prevent that misunderstanding.

> **O5-██:** Request denied. Research will be closely followed and request for cross-testing will be analyzed on a case-by-case basis. Thaumiel classification is currently deemed appropriate enough for the theoretical capabilities of SCP-5128.

[+ SCP Means "Special Containment Procedures", by Dr. Grigoriy Schwangau](javascript:;)

[\- SCP Means "Special Containment Procedures", by Dr. Grigoriy Schwangau](javascript:;)

> SCP Means "Special Containment Procedures"
> 
>   
> _Dr. Grigoriy Schwangau_
> 
> As much as I enjoy a good philosophical sparring, we must not forget why we are all part of the SCP Foundation: to Secure, Contain and Protect. While I agree that lack of proper knowledge on SCP-5128 prevents us from developing specific containment procedures for it, I feel that we are already able to agree on some basic principles.
> 
> First of all: knowledge that it exists should be kept hidden from the public. But that should be obvious, as it is an anomaly. Groups and Persons of Interest should also not come into contact with the possibility of its existence (if they do not know about it already in some way, of course).
> 
> That also means that research on it should not be available to all personnel, lest the Chaos Insurgency or other groups that may be infiltrated in the Foundation get knowledge of it. If the reality-altering capabilities of someone with full knowledge of SCP-5128 end up being limitless (as I imagine they are), this can lead us to any number of K-class scenarios.
> 
> As such, I will request that preliminary data regarding it be restricted to Level 4 Research Personnel and above.

> **O5-██:** Request approved. Research personnel that want access to the data should get in contact with Dr. van Veenen.

* * *

[+++ PRELIMINARY DATA AVAILABLE ONLY TO RESEARCH PERSONNEL OF LEVEL 4 AND ABOVE +++](javascript:;)

[CREDENTIALS APPROVED](javascript:;)

Below is a selection of key scientific articles on the research of SCP-5128. For more information, refer to Head Researcher Dr. Cindi van Veenen.

> **On the Classification of Anomalies With Regards to Their Origin**  
> _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_  
> Edition 001-02
> 
> Dr. Cindi van Veenen, Head Researcher  
> Dr. Keeva Rademacher, Senior Researcher
> 
> _Related Objects of Study: [SCP-1518](/scp-1518)_
> 
> **Abstract**
> 
> This article takes a more detailed approach upon the problem of categorization of anomalies with regards to the process that led to their creation. This matter was already tackled by Dr. Yoshida in a previous paper, leading to a division between "natural" and "non-natural" anomalous phenomena. This article deals with the possible communication problems surrounding the use of the term "natural" when applied to anomalous entities and proposes a more detailed system of classification of the same nature.
> 
> _Keywords: classification, origin, theoretical._
> 
> **I. Introduction**
> 
> The origin of anomalies is one of the main problems that led to the idealization and research on SCP-5128. The existence of a source of anomalous phenomena that is guided by laws, in a similar way to physics, and the better understanding of it could lead to the creation of more effective containment procedures to the anomalous entities and objects currently known by the Foundation, as the containment procedures that depend on materials currently understood through non-anomalous means sometimes lead to extensive, resource-intensive and sometimes impossible procedures.
> 
> As the need to understand SCP-5128 is of great importance to the Foundation, and no single approach has currently been observed as the more appropriate one, many have been created and are being explored concomitantly. One of them is the analysis of anomalies created by sapient beings, and discovery of the means used by them in order to achieve their results, as well as the comparison between intended and actual results, if it applies.
> 
> However, in order to properly study anomalies created by sapient beings, there needs to be a system of classification that is able to properly classify anomalies according to their origin, as well as to develop sub-classifications that permit one to properly compare anomalies with regards to the process that led to their creation.
> 
> Laying the foundation to that, Dr. Yoshida created a initial classification system which consisted on separating anomalies as "natural ones" and "non-natural ones" \[1\]. However, such system is insufficient for the purposes of SCP-5128, and as such needs to be modified and expanded.
> 
> **II. The Term "Natural"**
> 
> While SCP-5128 seems, indeed, to have been originated "naturally" (that is, spontaneously), using the term "natural" in a system of classification of anomalies may lead to confusion, as the term is currently tied to our concept of normality. That is, what is natural is considered to be normal, and what is normal is considered to be natural. And anomalies and anomalous phenomena are, therefore, considered "unnatural".
> 
> Although this is an artifact of colloquial speech, and shouldn't have place in a scientific discussion, the problem of causing unclear communication is undeniable and should be dealt with. As the classification system is not being widely used, this article proposes, instead of "natural" and "non-natural", the use of "spontaneous" and "non-spontaneous", respectively, in which a "spontaneous" anomaly is one not created by sapient entities, and a "non-spontaneous", one created by sapient entities, just the same.
> 
> **III. Expansion of the Classification System**
> 
> Although being able to clearly classify anomalies is ideal, it is not always possible. As such, when the origin of an anomaly is unknown, or impossible to clearly know, it should be classified as "Indeterminate".
> 
> Similarly, there are some entities that seem to fall between being spontaneously and non-spontaneously created. One such entity is [SCP-1518](/scp-1518): from the documents acquired, no “rituals” or any form of intentional creation of the anomaly seem to have taken place. It apparently was created "spontaneously" by the "will" of the people involved. However, one must pay attention to the definition when classifying anomalies: "spontaneous", in this context, means "not created by sapient entities". Intentionality, as such, is irrelevant in this case, meaning [SCP-1518](/scp-1518), for example, is classifiable as "non-spontaneous".
> 
> That analysis also leads us to a subdivision of the classification system: "non-spontaneous" entities can be further classified as:
> 
> *   **Intentional:** created by sapient beings who had the intention of creating an anomaly;
> *   **Accidental:** created by sapient beings who did not have the intention of creating an anomaly.
> 
> As we currently do not have a complete survey of methods used for the creation of anomalies (both intentional and accidental), we still cannot have a complete classification of them in that regard.
> 
> Similarly to the analysis of who created the anomaly, there can also be a parallel classification based on the “raw material” used to structure the anomaly. On that matter, they can classified as:
> 
> *   **Modified:** a non-anomalous living being or an object from our universe and time was given anomalous characteristics;
> *   **Summoned:** the anomaly is not original from this dimension or time. This classification can be further subdivided as:
>     *   **Original:** the anomaly was created completely by its creator;
>     *   **Extradimensional:** the anomaly comes from another dimension;
>     *   **Extratemporal:** the anomaly comes from another time frame or timeline.
> 
> Obviously, summoned anomalies can also be further modified when brought to our universe. This classification also assumes extraterrestrial life to not be anomalous by default, as their existence has already been accepted by normal science.
> 
> Anomalous entities can also be classified based on their abilities, such as "reality-altering", "time-altering", and such. However, that list is much more extensive and is still being compiled, while also not being the focus of this article.
> 
> **IV. Conclusion**
> 
> This article proposes the following parallel classification systems:
> 
> *   Non-spontaneous
>     *   Intentional
>     *   Accidental
> *   Spontaneous
> 
> with regards to the agent that created the anomaly, and
> 
> *   Summoned
>     *   Original
>     *   Extradimensional
>     *   Extratemporal
> *   Modified
> 
> with regards to the materials used to create them.
> 
> Like Dr. Yoshida's classification, this is still a basic system, designed with the intent of creating a foundation for a more complete system of classification. However, it already is a considerable improvement on its predecessor, and can also better guide research on the anomalies currently being analyzed by the SCP-5128 Research Team.
> 
> **References**
> 
> \[1\] YOSHIDA, N. _On the Origin of Anomalies: Basic Assumptions and Definitions_. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-01.

> **Analysis of the Concept of "Trade-Off" in the Creation of Anomalies**  
> _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_  
> Edition 001-05
> 
> Dr. Nikita Yoshida, Senior Researcher
> 
> _Related Objects of Study: [SCP-4486](/scp-4486), [SCP-2658](/scp-2658), [SCP-248](/scp-248), [SCP-4239](/scp-4239), [SCP-1610](/scp-1610), [SCP-1853](/scp-1853), [SCP-2687](/scp-2687), [SCP-1609](/scp-1609), [SCP-1875](/scp-1875), [SCP-1800](/scp-1800), [SCP-1226](/scp-1226), [SCP-4124](/scp-4124)_  
> _Related Groups of Interest: [The Factory](/factory-hub), [Gamers Against Weed](/gamers-against-weed-hub), [Prometheus Labs](/prometheus-labs-hub), [Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub), [Dr. Wondertainment](/dr-wondertainment-hub)_
> 
> **Abstract**
> 
> This article provides an introductory analysis on the application of the concept of "trade-off", especially as it is used in the field of Economics, as a way to explain some of the aspects involved in the creation of anomalies. A survey of some anomalies the Foundation has cataloged which exemplify those aspects is made, and some hypotheses are raised regarding some possible aspects of "trade-offing", its necessity and side-effects.
> 
> _Keywords: trade-off, theoretical, thaumaturgy._
> 
> **I. Introduction**
> 
> Reports gathered by the Foundation throughout the years indicate that some anomalies have been created through ritualistic means. That is, through a specific procedure that is able to create a specific anomaly, commonly taught by someone else or found within a book that details procedures of that kind. Those rituals commonly involve the use of non-anomalous resources, and sometimes the use of anomalous ones, in order to create the desired anomaly. This use of resources for anomalous gains is commonly called "sacrifice".
> 
> When two qualities, characteristics or aspects have an inversely proportional relationship between each other, it is said that improving on one involves the "trade-off" of diminishing the other \[1\]. This relationship is observed in many scientific fields, such as Evolutionary Biology, Computer Science, Medicine, as well as in Ethics and even in games. However, the concept is central to the field of Economics, in which it is used to explain how people use the resources available to them and how resources are allocated throughout supply chains worldwide.
> 
> In Economics, the term "trade-off" is used to represent the daily problem of allocating resources faced by every consumer: how to allocate time, money, food, among others, such as to maximize returns? Using money and time for entertainment may result in better mental health (even if temporarily), but also means that there will be less money and time available for other uses, such as investments, food and water, bills, and even for other types of entertainment. That is, using resources for one end prevents using such resources for other ends.
> 
> **II. Rituals and Sacrifices**
> 
> The most visible aspect where the concept of trade-off applies with regards to anomalies is in the process of its creation. The use of premade procedures (commonly called "rituals") learned by someone else or through books dedicated to the topic, such as the ones said to be present at the so-called "[Wanderer's Library](http://wanderers-library.wikidot.com/)". [SCP-4486](/scp-4486) is one notable example.
> 
> Rituals are the most simple and also complete example of trade-offs, as it involves trading a resource (which could be used for other ends) for another resource. This kind of trade tends to follow the philosophy of "high risk, high reward". That is, if successful, the subject may be in possession of immeasurable anomalous power. However, not all rituals lead to the result intended by the subject. Others may have unclear wording, leading to unexpected results ([SCP-963](/scp-963) is a notable example). And there is always the risk of unintended side-effects.
> 
> Analogously, there are also cases of "low risk, low reward", where low-stake rituals tend to lead to safer, much less powerful anomalies.
> 
> **III. Side-effects**
> 
> Another aspect where the concept of trade-off can be applied is to extended use. Anomalous entities discovered by the Foundation sometimes display some effects that were likely not intended by their creators, that is, side-effects. SCPs 2658, 248, 4239, 1610, 1853 and 2687 are some of those. Those side-effects are normally related in some way to the expected behavior of the anomaly, and can range in strength from being mostly harmless to being able to create a K-class scenario.
> 
> [SCP-2658](/scp-2658)'s is that it can affect collectors of items other than Magic: the Gathering cards. [SCP-4239](/scp-4239) can retroactively change time. [SCP-248](/scp-248) affects degradation along with efficiency (may or may not be a side-effect, considering the other anomalies created by "[The Factory](/factory-hub)" Group of Interest). [SCP-1610](/scp-1610) creates humans without sentience or sapience, but that vocalize phrases related to the stage of testing they were being put through at the time, causing sympathy among their researchers. [SCP-1853](/scp-1853) makes users addicted to competition. [SCP-2687](/scp-2687) instances degrade back to their initial state over time. [SCP-1875](/scp-1875) is sentient and can affect computers and networks, even though they did not exist at the time of its creation. Sometimes side-effects may even occur as a result of improper use, as is the case with [SCP-1609](/scp-1609).
> 
> Most of the examples given above seem to be the result of amateurism, and can be seen, for example, in other anomalies created by the "[Prometheus Labs](/prometheus-labs-hub)" Group of Interest and the "[Gamers Against Weed](/gamers-against-weed-hub)" Group of Interest, as the first consists of a scientific research group that also investigates the creation of anomalies, while the other consists of anomalous young people (or people with access to information on established rituals). Thus, there is a trade-off between immediacy and quality: one needs to devote time to practice the creation of anomalies in order to generate less side-effects.
> 
> The last two examples of side-effects are notably unpredictable and manifested only when present in a situation in which they were not designed to be present in.
> 
> With this in mind, it may be necessary to raise the hypothesis that side-effects are ever-present in anomalies, although they may not manifest initially, but they can be lowered in amount and intensity provided the creator has sufficient experience in creating anomalies. That is, when creating an anomaly, you are trading safety (that is, the safety of dealing with easily-understood materials and concepts) for power (as anomalies may have an infinity of reality- and time-altering effects, among others).
> 
> **IV. Mental Health Effects**
> 
> One of the hypotheses that can be raised from the observation of side-effects and rituals is the effect on an individual's mental health, which may itself be caused by the ability to create anomalies.
> 
> The "[Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub)" Group of Interest, for example, is a loose group of anomalous individuals that seem to have a certain ease at creating anomalies, as the purpose of the group is creating anomalous art (that is, "anart").
> 
> However, unlike non-anomalous artists, the members of Are We Cool Yet? Seem to display a complete disregard for human life, and see non-anomalous humans as just another raw material for their artistic objects and performances, as exemplified by [SCP-1800](/scp-1800), [SCP-1226](/scp-1226), and [SCP-4124](/scp-4124), instead prioritizing their own self-expression. Something analogous can be said of Group of Interest "[Dr. Wondertainment](/dr-wondertainment-hub)", as exemplified by the "Little Misters" series.
> 
> As such, it also raises the hypothesis that one of the side-effects of mastering the creation of anomalies is decreasing rationality. That is, as one becomes more experienced in creating anomalies, one also acquires new, less reasonable perspectives that consider it appropriate to negatively affect humanity in many different ways, even if their goals consist on improving humanity in one way or another (as Are We Cool Yet? aims to create "meaningful art" and Dr. Wondertainment aims to create "toys"). There is a trade-off between anomalous "power" and rationality.
> 
> **V. Conclusion**
> 
> Despite the Foundation's lack of complete reports on the many different aspects and facets of the creation of anomalies, the little information we have allows us to extrapolate a more complete picture of it. For example, even though anomalies can completely defy non-anomalous Physics, Chemistry, Biology and other scientific fields, some rules that apply to them can also be applied to the study of anomalies, more specifically the study of SCP-5128, meaning that the trade-off model, as it is applied to Economics, may be applied to it without many modifications on the abstract level (as on the practical level, we currently lack any information on “exchange rates” and any kind of relationships between resources and results).
> 
> **References**
> 
> \[1\] KRUGMAN, P. R.; WELLS, R.; OLNEY, M. L. _Essentials of economics_. 2nd ed. New York: Worth Publishers, 2010.

‌

> **Taming the Beast: the Abstractions of SCP-5128**  
> _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_  
> Edition 002-01
> 
> Dr. Damianos Alvey, Senior Researcher
> 
> _Related Groups of Interest: [Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub), [Global Occult Coalition](/goc-hub-page), [Church of the Broken God](/church-of-the-broken-god-hub), [Sarkicism](/sarkicism-hub)_
> 
> **Abstract**
> 
> Many of the groups of interest identified and monitored by the Foundation exhibit unique ways of creating anomalies, each one with its advantages and disadvantages. Following the assumption that SCP-5128 is the source of all anomalies, including the ones the groups of interests created through their own means, this paper proposes that each of those unique sets of methods and procedures are actually abstractions of SCP-5128 made to facilitate its use, and as a result, also have their own limitations.
> 
> _Keywords: thaumaturgy, Flow, abstraction, anomalous art._
> 
> **I. Introduction**
> 
> In Computer Science, abstraction is the name given to the process of hiding information in order to create simpler interaction patterns \[1\]. For example, machine code is the name given to set of bits which are received, linearly, by the computer’s processor and which are able to make the processor execute preprogrammed procedures by interacting with other computer components, especially memory.
> 
> However, programming bit-by-bit is extremely difficult and time-intensive. To circumvent those difficulties, it was transformed into a series of short commands which could be directed to memory locations to perform operations on them. That is, Assembly code. It abstracted the sequence of bits into commands there were more human-readable. Over time, it also proved to be cumbersome, so from it came other programming languages which added more layers of abstraction and were easier to use.
> 
> However, increasing abstraction comes with a trade-off: lower performance, lower control of memory, lower flexibility, along with a higher propensity for bugs present in implementations. In order to give space for the higher-level abstractions, comes the need to implement the compiler (or interpreter) in bulkier, more general, and more robust ways, meaning the resulting machine code ends up bigger. Some languages also come with built-in garbage collection or needs to use an interpreter, which are themselves additional programs, and as such, can have their own problems (aside from using more resources), and the user is sometimes unable to debug them themselves.
> 
> Although the nature and laws of SCP-5128 are not currently understood (to the Foundation's knowledge, by no one), many groups and people have managed to find ways to use its "powers" in order to create anomalies, many of which we currently contain, such as through the use of "rituals" and similar procedures. This article intends raise a theory on how it is possible to create such anomalies while not knowing that SCP-5128 even exists in the form that we think of it.
> 
> **II. Flow**
> 
> One such way to create anomalies that we currently some understanding is through "[Flow](/flow-hub)". In Psychology, the flow state is described as a state in which a person becomes fully immersed in an activity, to the point of losing sense of time, while also doing it to the best of their abilities, without feeling fatigue or other symptoms related to intense activity \[2\].
> 
> In the field of Anomalous Art, however, Flow describes a similar effect, but that also allows one to give anomalous characteristics to otherwise non-anomalous artwork. This allows one to create such things as objects that can move and think without Biological organs and paintings which can be entered and easily manipulated.
> 
> Flow is probably one of the methods of creation of anomalous objects that the Foundation has the most knowledge on, as it is also one of the easiest. However, it also is one of the least "powerful" in regards to what it can do, in accordance with Dr. Yoshida's Theory of Trade-off \[3\]. Its use is mainly limited to the creation of works of anomalous art, and is used mostly by the "[Are We Cool Yet?](/are-we-cool-yet-hub)" Group of Interest.
> 
> Due to those properties, it can be interpreted as a "high-level" abstraction of SCP-5128: it hides SCP-5128's true form, while providing an interface that is simple to use and to understand, although it comes at the cost of having severe limitations.
> 
> There have been no recorded instances of it being able to create weapons, for example, although some of the works they created have deadly effects or side-effects. Those works, however, also tend to be created by individuals with a less rational perspective on life and humanity, also following the Theory of Trade-off, and there is also the possibility of them being made using or in combination with other anomalous means.
> 
> **III. Global Occult Coalition's Approach**
> 
> From what the Foundation gathered from the "[Global Occult Coalition](/goc-hub-page)" Group of Interest (GOC), they recognize the existence of an anomalous energy denominated "EVE" that is emitted by every living being in different amounts. The more you emit per second, the more easily you can alter reality. Measurable levels of EVE lead to the so-called "Aspect Radiation", which they are able to measure through three axes: Hue, Pitch, and Weave, which they then use to classify anomalies and anomalous humanoids.
> 
> This is probably one of the most general perspectives on the creation of anomalies, as EVE is said to be able to lead to any kind of anomalous behavior and reality-altering effects. It can be interpreted as being an empiric concept analogous to SCP-5128, but the Foundation's reports also indicate that the GOC has been unable to fully understand EVE. As the group's objective is mostly to obtain and terminate anomalies, rather than create them, this knowledge has been used to detect and classify anomalous entities using their VERITAS system.
> 
> Due to its characteristics, it may be interpreted as a "low-level" abstraction of SCP-5128. It is much harder to understand and to use (much like SCP-5128 probably is), however, it can lead to a very wide range of reality-altering abilities and to the creation of anomalies of any type.
> 
> **IV. Thaumaturgy**
> 
> Thaumaturgical procedures (that is, rituals) may be considered a "mid-term" between Flow and the GOC's approach. It allows a much wider range of possibilities for reality-altering effects and the creation of anomalies, but the rituals don't tend to agree on a single "origin" for the anomalies they create. In fact, there are multiple thaumatological sects, each with their specialties and limitations.
> 
> "[The Church of the Broken God](/church-of-the-broken-god-hub)" Group of Interest, for example, tends to be limited to creating anomalous machinery and automatons, and considers the source of their abilities to be The Broken God. "[Sarkicism](/sarkicism-hub)" Group of Interest, on the other hand, specializes on the use of organic material (specially human), and their abilities derive from Yaldabaoth. Similarly, other sects with other systems of beliefs attribute the source of anomalous behaviors to their deities, and have similar limitations.
> 
> Thaumathurgy would then be a "mid-level" abstraction, as it is a mid-term between the two forms decribed above: it is both limited and flexible, as it is limitless within the scope it allows. Thaumathurgical procedures could even be interpreted as being "programming scripts", that is, isolated algorithms designed to fulfill a single purpose.
> 
> **V. Conclusion**
> 
> Many questions were raised upon the existence and oneness of SCP-5128 in the short time that it has been researched, due to the existence of multiple "deities" and "systems" that were contradictory with one another, but all of which allowed the creation of anomalies. This article, in response to that, aims to affirm that SCP-5128 is able to explain why all of those systems are able to co-exist and function just the same: they all "channel" SCP-5128, but through a "layer of abstraction". It also shows that it is not needed to fully understand SCP-5128 in order create anomalies. Possibly not even to create one of such systems.
> 
> **References**
> 
> \[1\] COLBURN, T.; SHUTE, Gary. _Abstraction in Computer Science. Minds and Machines_. ed. 17: 169–184. 2007-06-05. doi:10.1007/s11023-007-9061-7. ISSN 0924-6495.
> 
> \[2\] CSIKSZENTMIHÁLYI, M. _Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience_. Harper & Row, 1990. ISBN 978-0-06-016253-5.
> 
> \[3\] YOSHIDA, N. _Analysis of the Concept of "Trade-Off" in the Creation of Anomalies_. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-05.

> **Consciousness and Soul: on the Creation of Anomalous Humanoids**  
> _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_  
> Edition 004-03
> 
> Dr. Damianos Alvey, Senior Researcher
> 
> _Related Objects of Study: [SCP-2842](/scp-2842), [SCP-905](/scp-905), [SCP-2396](/scp-2396), [SCP-3015](/scp-3015)_
> 
> **Abstract**
> 
> This paper analyzes the creation of anomalous humanoids such as to create beings that exhibit anomalous properties and have a specific, well-defined purpose, such as the "Little Misters", created by the "[Dr. Wondertainment](/dr-wondertainment-hub)" Group of Interest. The common characteristics are laid down and an explanation for them is proposed.
> 
> _Keywords: soul, consciousness, thaumaturgy, anomalous humanoids._
> 
> **I. Introduction**
> 
> Anomalous humanoids are one of the most common anomalies that the Foundation contains. And most are not persons of interest that obtained anomalous abilities through some specific means, but non-anomalous humans that were modified in some way by individuals with anomalous abilities or through the use of thaumaturgy.
> 
> They range considerably in their abilities and extent of anomalous modifications. For example, [SCP-2842](/scp-2842), which still has a large degree of autonomy despite the influence of its modifications. And [SCP-905](/scp-905), which has been modified to be composed entirely of photons (although whether it originated from a human or not is debatable, it is difficult to affirm that there would be any limit to the possibilities of such modifications).
> 
> The better example for this case, however, would be [SCP-2396](/scp-2396). [SCP-2396](/scp-2396) was modified to feature "natural" pink hair and irises and a completely modified physiology, including lack of excretory functions and lack of need of vital nutrients and amino acids (which is a common trend among anomalous humanoids). Alongside those changes, she was given the passive "ability" of creating anomalous objects similar to hard candy (which can anomalously change the entire composition of male-identified individuals) and can anomalously affect the physiology of male-identified individuals within 50 yards of its position, as long as she is regularly supplied with sugar.
> 
> Documents 3015-A and -B from [SCP-3015](/scp-3015) mention the possibility of removing and inserting a "soul" into humanoids, as well as the ability to change their appearance at will. This goes against modern science's consensus on the non-existence of a soul, as evidences for its existence have not been detected.
> 
> **II. What is a Soul?**
> 
> As this article is not relying on modern science to reach an explanation, but instead using the Foundation's decades of existence and research on anomalies of all types, as well as working on the assumption that SCP-5128 exists and is the source of all anomalies, two a priori hypotheses may be formulated.
> 
> **II.1. Souls Exist and are Anomalous**
> 
> A previous paper from Dr. Rademacher \[1\] established that one of the properties of SCP-5128 is that of animation (and, consequently, deanimation). SCP-5128 is able to turn any inanimate object into an animate object, being able to give it characteristics such as autonomous movement, physiology, and rational thinking.
> 
> Another paper, from Dr. van Veenen \[2\], established "anomaly" as any entity or effect which was created through the use of SCP-5128.
> 
> Therefore, if our consciousnesses were created by SCP-5128 spontaneously, instead of being created by our neurochemistry, and souls indeed exist and are responsible for the existence of human consciousness and behavior (as well as those of every other animal), then souls are anomalous and, therefore, consciousness (in any level) is also anomalous. Other anomalous characteristics would be added afterwards through abnormalization \[3\].
> 
> **II.2. Souls as an Abstraction of Abnormalization**
> 
> On the other hand, the concept of a "soul" could also be an abstraction of the process of creating an anomaly with a high degree of autonomy \[4\]. This would mean that there is not, indeed, a soul, and normal humans function in a way fully explainable by normal science.
> 
> If we follow the assumption that SCP-5128 is limitless in regards to its abilities to create and destroy \[5\], it is natural that SCP-5128 also allows one to "separate body and soul", that is, create an anomaly that consists purely on the personality, knowledge and memories of a non-anomalous human (and also an anomalous humanoid body lacking any kind of autonomous functioning), and afterwards "place" that "soul" onto another humanoid body.
> 
> **III. Conclusion**
> 
> The veracity of the first hypothesis depends on whether SCP-5128 is responsible for the existence of consciousnesses. It is, however, the easiest explanation. But it would also create a paradox: either all animal life with any degree of consciousness is anomalous, or we cannot consider something an anomaly just because it was created by SCP-5128. That also would mean that SCP-5128 is not the source of all anomalies. As such, the first hypothesis can only lead to the conclusion that all animal life with any degree of consciousness is inherently anomalous.
> 
> The second hypothesis, however, leads to a better explanation of what is a soul and what it means to "remove" and "insert" a soul into a body: it is an abstraction of a procedure that involves SCP-5128. This hypothesis does not lead to a paradox, and goes in line with previous hypotheses and theories regarding SCP-5128, making it the most likely explanation.
> 
> **References**
> 
> \[1\] RADEMACHER, K. Animation and Deanimation. _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_. Edition 001-04.
> 
> \[2\] VAN VEENEN, C. Normality and Anomalousness. _Foundation Journal of SCP-5128_. Edition 001-01.
> 
> \[3\] LEITZKE, R. _Abnormalization_. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-04.
> 
> \[4\] ALVEY, D. _Taming the Beast: the Abstractions of SCP-5128_. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 002-01.
> 
> \[5\] RADEMACHER, K. _Limitlessness: a Complete Survey of the Characteristics of Known Anomalies_. Edition 003-04.

* * *

[+++ PRELIMINARY TESTS AND THEIR RESULTS ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO LEVEL 5/5128 PERSONNEL +++](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-5128/offset/1)