#page-content .collapsible-block { position: relative; padding: 0.5em; margin: 0.5em; box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: black; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align:center; } .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: center; color: dimgrey; } .collapsible-block-link { font-weight: bold; color: dimgrey; text-align: center; } .addendumbox { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; box-shadow:0 2px 5px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16),0 2px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.12); } .material-box { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; border: 1px lightgrey solid; box-shadow: 1px 2px 2px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16); } .material-box blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .wiki-content-table { width: 100%; } .addendumbox blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .addendumtitle { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; } .maintitle { margin-bottom: 10px; color: black; } .scp-header { text-align: center; font-size:x-large; color:#b01; } .addenda-header { width: 100%; border-bottom: 2px black solid; color: black; } .scp-info { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; font-size:large; } .scp-info-box { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; } .object-info { color:black; align-self: flex-end; font-size: large; } .title-style { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; font-size: large; text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; } .update-div-empty { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; color: lightgrey; } .update-div { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; } .computed { border: 1px black solid; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .computed:before { content:"Computed Code"; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .rawcode { border: black solid 1px; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .rawcode:before{ content:"Raw Code"; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .codebox { display: inline-block; width: 100%; text-align: center; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a em, .yui-navset .yui-nav a em{ padding: 0.25em .75em; top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected { margin: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:focus, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav a:focus { background: gainsboro; text-decoration: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a, .yui-navset .yui-navset-top .yui-nav a { background-color: none; background-image: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a { background: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav li{ margin: 0px; } #page-content .licensebox22 .collapsible-block { position: unset; padding: unset; margin: unset; box-shadow: unset; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align: left; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: left; color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-link { color: inherit; text-align: left; }

ITEM NUMBER: SCP-5230

LEVEL-02/RESTRICTED

CONTAINMENT CLASS: NEUTRALIZED

DISRUPTION CLASS: DARK

* * *

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned MTF**

Site-20

Dr Hesk

Dr Stevens

MTF-Mu-13 ("Ghostbusters")

[⏣ Archived Containment Procedures ⏣](javascript:;)

[⎔ Archived Containment Procedures ⎔](javascript:;)

SCP-5230 is to be stored in a modified Biological Containment Cell at Site-20. The cell is to be under constant surveillance and tapes must be available upon request.

SCP-5230-1 is to be fenced off from the public with the cover story ("Grade A listed building") being disseminated to local residents. Since the removal of SCP-5230, no further anomalous properties have been discovered.

#### **Special Containment Procedures**

* * *

The remains of SCP-5230 are to be stored in a Standard Item Locker. SCP-5230-1 is undergoing approval for renovation into a new orphanage for the local area under the ownership of Foundation front company: "Sam's Child Protection".

  

#### **Discovery**

* * *

5230 was discovered after police investigated the premises due to local residents reporting noises emanating from within the structure. The police report noted a series of interrelated anomalies such as the sounds of footsteps, doors opening of their own accord, and hushed conversation. A Foundation agent planted within the county police department forwarded the report onto the Foundation for investigation. All members of the police force involved were amnestized.

Following this, a Special Task Force comprised of two Spectral Phenomena Department researchers and three members of MTF-Mu-13 ("Ghostbusters"), was assigned to investigate SCP-5230-1. No lasting physical effects on the house were found from the spectral disturbance; however, certain objects appeared new despite their known age. These items include a small damaged wooden rocking horse, a set of black hairs on the chair, a child's diary, and a drawing of an unknown humanoid.

Upon further investigation into the building, SCP-5230 itself was discovered to be the source of the anomaly and was contained at Site-20.

  

#### **Description**

* * *

SCP-5230 is a dollhouse replica of an old, abandoned 20th-century orphanage (designated SCP-5230-1) in Rye, UK, prior to its desertion. Records show the orphanage was abandoned around 1984 due to a fire consuming much of the building overnight. It is unknown how the fire started.

Since recovery, at a seemingly random time each day, SCP-5230 and the dolls inside (designated -A to -D) will enact a scene resembling orphanage life. A list of the current occurrences are listed below (Extraneous logs have been removed):

Day Number

Summary

1st day of observation

Upon removal from the premises of SCP-5230-1, the dolls inside SCP-5230 were seen to be taught in a small study room. The scene ended after exactly two minutes.

3rd day of observation

SCP-5230-B was seen playing with a rocking horse whilst SCP-5230-D brushed their hair in the living room. The other two instances were found playing with wooden dolls in the bedroom.

7th day of observation

Two unfamiliar dolls (designated -E and -F respectively) were seen to materialize at the doorway to SCP-5230. Upon entering the office room a piece of paper appeared on the table, coated in ink. This paper was removed after a minute. SCP-5230-D was seen to follow as SCP-5230-E and -F exited. None of the 3 instances have returned.

8th day of observation.

The remaining instances are seen to be playing in the drawing-room. These instances do not seem to have reacted negatively to the loss of SCP-5230-D.

12th day of observation.

The dolls appear drained of energy and are seen to mope around the house for the duration of the scene.

19th day of observation.

Instances of the dolls inside SCP-5230 were seen to be drawing figures on the paper, the phrase "My future home" could be seen marked at the top of each one.

  

#### **Addendum 1**

* * *

The 20th scene from SCP-5230 was recorded on 18/2/2014. Contents of the tape are transcribed below:  

Day Number

Summary

20th day of observation

The posters from the previous scene had been hung on the walls, each with a single candle below it on a mantlepiece. The instances are seen to lie down in bed and presumably fall asleep. After approximately 10 minutes, one of the posters falls and lands on the candle, quickly becoming set alight. The fire quickly gains a hold on the house, causing SCP-5230 to become engulfed in flame. At this point, Dr Stevens is alerted and remote fire extinguishers are deployed; however, no change in the fire's intensity is noticed. After approximately 20 minutes all of the interior is destroyed and SCP-5230 appears to directly resemble its real-life counterpart.

In the ashes of SCP-5230, a scorched metal sign was found, it has been transcribed below:

> _\[unintelligable\]_, happily ever after.

Following these events, SCP-5230 has been reclassified to neutralized.

  

#### **Addendum 2**

* * *

On 18/11/2014, three newborn babies were discovered outside the SCP-5230-1 doors. A witness noticed a "tall, dark-haired woman, approximately 30 years old" leaving the premises soon after; she was seen to be clutching an old, tatty wooden doll. All children were also found clutching similar dolls, though it should be noted that the latter were found to be in far better condition. Upon the arrival of the children, all traces of SCP-5230 have disappeared from within locked item storage. Further investigation into the children is pending.