#page-content .collapsible-block { position: relative; padding: 0.5em; margin: 0.5em; box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: black; overflow-wrap: break-word; } .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align:center; } .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: center; color: dimgrey; } .collapsible-block-link { font-weight: bold; color: dimgrey; text-align: center; } .addendumbox { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; box-shadow:0 2px 5px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16),0 2px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.12); } .material-box { padding: .01em 16px; margin-bottom: 16px; margin-top: 16px; padding-bottom: 1em; border: 1px lightgrey solid; box-shadow: 1px 2px 2px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16); } .material-box blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .wiki-content-table { width: 100%; } .addendumbox blockquote { border: 1px double #999; } .addendumtitle { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; } .maintitle { margin-bottom: 10px; color: black; } .scp-header { text-align: center; font-size:x-large; color:#b01; } .addenda-header { width: 100%; border-bottom: 2px black solid; color: black; } .scp-info { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; font-size:large; } .scp-info-box { display:flex; justify-content:space-between; } .object-info { color:black; align-self: flex-end; font-size: large; } .title-style { opacity: 0.8; margin-bottom: 10px; color: #b01; font-size: large; text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; } .update-div-empty { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; color: lightgrey; } .update-div { text-align: right; font-size: x-small; } .computed { border: 1px black solid; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .computed:before { content:"Computed Code"; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .rawcode { border: black solid 1px; width: 50%; display: inline-block; text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .rawcode:before{ content:"Raw Code"; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom: solid 1px black; width: 100%; } .codebox { display: inline-block; width: 100%; text-align: center; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a em, .yui-navset .yui-nav a em{ padding: 0.25em .75em; top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected { margin: 0px; } .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:focus, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a { background: gray; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a:hover, .yui-navset .yui-nav a:focus { background: gainsboro; text-decoration: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a, .yui-navset .yui-navset-top .yui-nav a { background-color: none; background-image: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav a { background: none; } .yui-navset .yui-nav li{ margin: 0px; } #page-content .licensebox22 .collapsible-block { position: unset; padding: unset; margin: unset; box-shadow: unset; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded{ color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-unfolded-link { text-align: left; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-folded { text-align: left; color: inherit; } .licensebox22 .collapsible-block-link { color: inherit; text-align: left; }

**Item #:** SCP-5278

**Level 3/5278**

**Object Class:** Safe

**Classified**

* * *

### Special Containment Procedures:

A boundary fence has been placed around the outskirts of SCP-5278, with a base housing members of MTF Mu-12 ("Ghostbusters") being placed along its perimeter. No individual is permitted to enter the confines of SCP-5278 without Level 3 clearance. Stock-counts on SCP-SCP-5278-1 instances are permitted, though not mandatory.

### Description:

SCP-5278 is a damaged, imperceptible spectral ghost town located near the Highland Valley Copper Mine, British Columbia. All interactions and communication to SCP-5278 and SCP-5278-1 instances are only feasible on the 27th of February, at which point SCP-5278 and its instances will be perceptible.

SCP-5278-1 is the collective designation for all spectral entities within SCP-5278. SCP-5278-1 come in humanoid forms with differing characteristics, and are capable of communication, interaction, and sustaining interpersonal relationships. As of yet, no further information has been gathered on SCP-5278-1 instances.

* * *

[• Open Exploration Log •](javascript:;)

[○ Close Document ○](javascript:;)

**_Note:_** _The following is an exploration log conducted by MTF Mu-12 ("Ghostbusters") into SCP-5278._

**Date:** 2/27/2014

**<Begin Log>**

_Kilo enters SCP-5278. He is surrounded by various buildings from the 1960's-80's._

_A pale-blue ball rolls in front of Kilo. A child's laughter is heard. Soon after, an SCP-5278-1 instance is seen chasing the ball. It looks at Kilo, then looks back from where it came and points at him._

**Kilo:** Hm?

_Kilo approaches the SCP-5278-1 instance, then crouches._

**Kilo:** Hey bud, you mind telling me where you came from?

_The entity giggles and jumps while pointing elsewhere. Kilo faces to where the instance is pointing. An array of other SCP-5278-1 instances can be seen._

**Kilo:** Whew, this place is packed.

_Another SCP-5278-1 instance approaches Kilo. It appears to resemble that of a woman in her late 20's._

**SCP-5278-1:** Oh? Visitors? It's been a while since anybody's stepped in here. Would you like to join the others for a little chat?

_Kilo observes the area for a few seconds. After verifying that it's safe, he decides to comply with the SCP-5278-1's question._

**Kilo:** Sure, lead the way.

_Kilo and two other entities walk towards what seems to be a pub. They enter the pub, and many other SCP-5278-1 instances can be seen. The SCP-5278-1 instance leading Kilo sits them down near another instance._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Ah, you brought visitors? That's rare.

**Kilo:** Nice to meet you. Your name?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Oh, right, sorry. Name's Hendrick, Hendrick Folry. You?

**Kilo:** Kilo. Good to meet you, Hendrick.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Likewise. What brings you here?

**Kilo:** Nothing much. Actually, I heard of a ghost town in this area, so I decided to check it out.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Ghost town huh? _(wistful chortle)_ Been a while since I've heard that word. Last time I've heard it a group of kids were the ones visiting. Pretty sure at least, ain't that right Marvin?

**SCP-5278-1 (3):** Yeah. It was a buncha rowdy ones too.

_SCP-5278-1 (2) takes a shot of what seems to be vodka._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** So, got anything else to tell us? If not, how about you stay a while? Let's chat for a bit. It's been tiring having to stay here and talk about nothing new.

**Kilo:** So… What have you guys been up to lately?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Ah, great question. Nothing much, really. Just sitting around, staying in this ghostly pub with my other ghostly friends over here.

**Kilo:** That's… pretty boring to me, not to step on your hobbies or anything.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Well, maybe for a buncha living people, yeah.

**Kilo:** Heh, maybe.

_Silence for a few seconds._

**Kilo:** Anyways, why are you all stuck here? If I remember correctly, you said you were a bunch of ghosts and whatnot?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Not wrong, but not right either. Well, I guess we're a bunch of "ghosts". We just can't pass on, if you get what I mean.

_Kilo nods._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Died unwillingly, caught up in the crossfire of a major ore trade. Back when we were alive, this place used to be a mining town, if you didn't already realize.

**Kilo:** Ah, yeah, I noticed earlier. What exactly happened though?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** _(sighs)_ Like I said, caught up in the crossfire of a major ore trade. This place here, held a ton of gold, coal, silver, you name it. People started realizing how great of a mining place this was, which led to fighting. You can probably pick up on what happened next.

**Kilo:** I'm… Sorry to hear that.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Don't worry about it. It's been years, so many in fact I don't think I even remember when I died. Probably the same for all of us here too. Actually, the whole reason this town is only open on this exact day is because today marks the start of our town's downfall. If you were wondering.

**Kilo:** I see. If you don't mind me asking, is the reason you're unable to leave is because of any lingering feelings?

_SCP-5278-1 (2) stops speaking for a few seconds._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Lingering feelings huh? _(hesitates to respond)_ Maybe. You know, I just feel like there's so much I could've done, so much that could've been fulfilled before I died. So much I could do… to see her again.

**Kilo:** Her?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Ah, sorry. Don't worry about it. Just a family thing.

**Kilo:** _(stops speaking for a few seconds)_ Well, then do you mind if I ask a few more questions?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** …Ask away.

**Kilo:** How do you feel now? About those who killed you?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Heh, that's a good question. Surprisingly, I don't hate them. Well, I did, but it's been so long I don't think I can even remember the faces of those who killed me. In the end, the hatred just… withered away. Ironic isn't it? I'm unable to pass on because I'm harboring lingering feelings, but I can't even put my finger on what it is.

**Kilo:** Do you still recall the memories? Before you died and all.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** _(takes a shot of spectral vodka)_ Nah, it's been so long. Probably the only memories I can recall are my most cherished ones, and my most feared. Other than that, I don't remember much at all from when I was alive. Probably the same for a lot of others here too.

_Silence between the two individuals._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Hey, you're a good guy. Listening to all my rambling and all.

**Kilo:** Could say the same to you. Do you mind if I touch on… a more sensitive subject?

_SCP-5278-1 (2) hesitates before responding._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Nah… Nah I don't mind.

**Kilo:** You mentioned someone, do you mind telling us about who that is?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** _(nervous laughter)_ I did say it was a family thing.

**Kilo:** I'm sorr-

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Don't sweat it. I might as well tell ya. Who knows when I'll forget even my most cherished memories.

_SCP-5278-1 (2) sighs, and looks at the ceiling._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** My daughter. Audrey Mella Folry. That's who she was. A great girl, honestly. I don't remember everything, but all I've got are the memories of her and my family. She was energetic, smart, caring, everything you could ask for in a daughter. She… She was precious. I loved her so much, and I miss her.

_Kilo is silent._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Sorry for dropping that sudden heavy topic on ya. Let's lift up the mood a bit.

_SCP-5278-1 (2) looks out the window from the pub._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Ah crap, it's already dark. You should get going. Place is gonna close and all.

**Kilo:** Damn, really? I enjoyed our conversation, it was great. Honestly.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** No worries. Oh, and one thing.

_SCP-5278-1 (2) pulls out what seems to be a necklace, and hands it to Kilo._

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** You mind sending this to my daughter? It was her birthday present, if I can remember correctly. Never got to give it to her though, you know why.

**Kilo:** You mean, she isn't here?

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** She _was_, visited two years ago. I tried to talk to her, give her the present and all. Obviously it didn't work.

**Kilo:** …Alright. I'll make sure it gets sent.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** Thanks pal. Get going now, place is gonna close. It'd be nice if you visited next year, place is a bit bland without real people.

**Kilo:** I'll try to visit next year. I'd love to talk again.

**SCP-5278-1 (2):** _(chuckles)_ Until next time.

**<End Log>**

Subsequent to the recent exploration log conducted by MTF Mu-12 ("Ghostbusters"), the necklace acquired was successfully delivered to the individual named Audrey Mella Folry.

**Update 2/27/2015:** As of today, the SCP-5278-1 instance named "Hendrick Folry" was nowhere to be seen within SCP-5278.

* * *