> You are currently accessing a historical iteration of SCP-5296. Would you like to continue?

Yes

> Authorisation needed: Please enter your credentials.

Username: O5-1

Password: The black moon howls on all the same

> …

**Welcome O5-1**

* * *

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following documentation has experienced multiple iterations as more information has been discovered.

**TIMESTAMP:** 18/09/2027

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item #:** SCP-5296

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5296 is secured in its testing chamber in Site-11. Its testing chamber is fitted with 4 Scranton Reality Anchors (SRAs). SCP-5296 is to be monitored by at least 3 members of staff who perceive its existence.

**Description:** SCP-5296 appears to be a semi-physical entity whose existence is permeable and subject to factors that are as of yet undetermined. The precise nature of SCP-5296 is unknown. Even amongst those who perceive it to exist, there is little agreement on any of SCP-5296's features, presenting it as a sizeable threat to consensus reality.

These inconsistencies are largely universal, applying even to a single individual's continuous perception of SCP-5296. Common points of disagreement in decreasing order of controversy[1](javascript:;) include:

*   Whether or not SCP-5296 exists
*   Whether or not SCP-5296 is humanoid
*   Whether or not SCP-5296 can communicate
*   Whether or not SCP-5296 is memetic or reality-warping

Due to its ambiguous nature, SCP-5296 has caused much conflict within the Foundation over its properties. It is currently unknown if this is an intended effect or not.

**Discovery:** SCP-5296 was seized by MTF-Phoenix-1 ("Mind Over Matter") on 24/06/2027. It was discovered during a Foundation raid to recover SCP-████ from \[REDACTED\] after a containment breach. It was found in a hidden room which was marked on an assailant's map of the complex. On entering the room, MTF-Phoenix-1 found a note describing SCP-5296. The note was subsequently deemed irrecoverable after a skirmish with remaining assailants. MTF-Phoenix-1 did not recall the contents of the note in sufficient detail to assist in initial documentation. SCP-5296 and SCP-████ were retrieved and brought to Site-11 without further incident.

Of note, members of MTF-Phoenix-1 claimed not to have noticed SCP-5296 until after having read the note about it.

**Addendum-5296-A**  
Although SCP-5296 has, as of yet, proved easy to contain, it has caused significant disruption within the Foundation, detailed below:

Date

Events regarding SCP-5296

26/06/2027

On Junior Researcher Smith's assignment to SCP-5296, he made several complaints about it being “an empty room”. He also made several appeals to Site Command to delete the files regarding SCP-5296 and to cease "wasting our time on non-entities." Due to his misconduct, he was later referred to the disciplinary committee.

04/07/2027

Senior Researcher Aster experienced minimal difficulties in his preliminary research. However, video records of his initial tests were lost upon a routine scan of the Foundation database, wherein I.T staff deleted them, commenting “Assumed unnecessary equipment test: D-Class was standing in an empty room.”

26/07/2027

Research continued from here; however, it was slightly impeded by pressure to complete investigations quickly. As a result of this and a general effort by the Foundation to cut down on use of resources, all projects relating to SCP-5296 were halted until an appeal by Aster was approved.

02/08/2027

A formal inquiry into SCP-5296 was launched, leading to the near-deletion of the SCP-5296 file by Site Command in a 9-1 vote on the matter. After further investigation, no consensus was reached on SCP-5296 and its file remained pending deletion. They settled that research should proceed as planned.

10/08/2027

In accordance with the disruption it had caused, SCP-5296 was raised as an issue to the O5-Council, who also experienced difficulties in coming to any agreement regarding SCP-5296.

Following the O5-Council meeting on 10/08/2027, research into SCP-5296 is now considered a top priority. SCP-5296 has been provisionally classed as Keter.

**Addendum-5296-B**

> Further review of our files regarding SCP-5296 suggests its nature may be vastly different to our initial assessments. SCP-5296 may very well be a _figment_ of our imaginations.
> 
> \- Senior Researcher Aster

Following review of the above proposal, further testing of SCP-5296 has been approved to determine the likelihood of this theory.

**Test Log 5296-01**

> This test was overseen by Senior Researcher Aster on 09/09/2027.
> 
> **Testing Procedure:**  
> This test consisted of two executions with minor alterations:
> 
> _Standard Procedure:_  
> A D-Class will enter SCP-5296's testing chamber and follow the instructions of Senior Researcher Aster, who will be remotely observing the test.
> 
> The first execution was standard, but the D-Class was given a briefing prior to the test and was given a file describing SCP-5296[2](javascript:;).
> 
> The second execution was identical to the first, excluding the lack of a briefing.
> 
> **Results:**  
> D-1412, who had received the briefing, perceived SCP-5296 and was generally consistent with previous observations regarding SCP-5296 and the lack of consensus around its properties.
> 
> D-1583, who went in blind, was unable to perceive SCP-5296, complaining that there was nothing in the room to begin with.
> 
> **Observations:**  
> It would appear that the proposed theory may be correct, although the data set is insufficient to draw any conclusions. Further testing involving on-site staff is pending approval.

**Test Log 5296-02**

> This test was overseen by Senior Researcher Aster on 11/09/2027.
> 
> **Testing Procedure:**  
> This was effectively a large-scale version of the previous test. Site staff was divided into two groups, one that was briefed beforehand whilst the other was not. They then each attempted to perceive SCP-5296.
> 
> **Results:**  
> Everyone in the group that went in with no prior knowledge failed to perceive SCP-5296, whilst everyone in the other group was able to perceive SCP-5296. The results after testing over 200 on-site personnel were consistent with the proposed theory, however also raise another possibility.
> 
> **Observations:**  
> These results are conclusive. They leave only two possibilities:
> 
> 1.  SCP-5296 is indeed a figment of the observer's imagination.
> 2.  SCP-5296 is somehow aware of our belief in it and its permeable existence responds in kind.
> 
> SCP-5296 will hereafter be reclassified as Safe, since the discord it initially caused has run its course and its properties are now beginning to be understood.

**Addendum 5296-C**  
As recent test results have raised concerns that SCP-5296 may be reliant on human belief in order to exist, it has been raised as an issue to the Ethics Committee. This is due to be discussed on 25/09/2027 during a meeting of the Ethics Committee.

Page revision from 18/09/2027

[Current Iteration](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5296/offset/1)

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). This is not to say that the lower down items on the list are more agreed upon, merely that they are less often argued about.

[2](javascript:;). This file was the improvised template that was pending the results of these tests.