**Item #: SCP-5404**

**Object Class: Keter**

**How To Make Safe:** Please **do not talk** about **SCP-5404** ("boom-boom words"). No making words about boom-boom words on computers or not-computers.

In the time that is now, we are not having smart-knowing about which words go boom-boom. To keep everyone being safely alive, please make not normal **talk** style.

Words and bunches of words that are in red are known to go boom-boom. Remember to never ever assemble them.

Remember to always make **two** "boom-boom" with an in-between hyphen. Other styles of making this meaning will go boom-boom.

_New Thing:_ Sometimes safe is made to not be safe. Always test with boom-boom computer.

**What It Is:** "Boom-Boom **words**" ("letter-clusters") is a thing that makes some bunches of letter-clusters make a boom-boom when you put some letter-clusters by other letter-clusters, but only when the thing you are making about is boom-boom letter-clusters themselves. Sometimes just a single cluster of letters will go boom-boom.

Only when making mouth sounds or making symbol mouth sounds does letter clusters go boom-boom. Reproducing old before-times mouth sound records is safe, but only goes **a certain amount** of safety. All Foundation computer-symbol letter-clusters are saved right at the time of making, so if you see red bunches of letter-clusters, it means mistake had happened.

* * *

**Trying-Things-Out Log:** We have computer arms make button-hits on computer letters to try out what makes boom-boom. What you can look at under this is just a small bunch for example to show how not-safe boom-boom letter-clusters are.

Thing to make happen

Happened?

**special containment procedures**

Bad

**s pec ial conta inment proced ures**

Bad

**$p3cial c0ntainm3nt pr8cedure5**

Bad

spesh cont pro

**Good**[1](javascript:;)

**ecialspay ontainmentcay ocedurespray**

Bad[2](javascript:;)

**explosive**

Bad

word

**Good**

**sentence**

Bad

**detonate**

Bad

**boom**

Bad

boom-boom

**Good**

**be careful**

Bad

be making safe

**Good**

**word**

Bad[3](javascript:;)

* * *

**More Thing:**

> Boom-boom letter clusters made by don't-like-us group. New styles of boom-boom letter clusters keep happening. It gets more bad again and again.
> 
> If boom-boom letter-clusters started to happen when making mouth-sounds about things that aren't boom-boom letter-clusters, **world could boom-boom.**
> 
> The Big In-Charge Group has made it happen that trying-things-out and looking-into must keep being happen to stop don't-like-us group and safely keep world not being boom-boom.
> 
> They make unlikely demands. Tiamat is maybe. For the now-time, **[Eshu](/taboo)** stands.
> 
> We keep-out. We keep-in. We keep-safe.
> 
> **Big In-Charge Group #08**

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). Letter-cluster style gave struggle.

[2](javascript:;). Maybe looks like meaning-tied? Intention?

[3](javascript:;). Good before, bad now. Be making safe.