[**Threat Level:** Green](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/niveaux-de-menace-des-objets-scp)

* * *

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5499 is to be stored, unpowered, in the ████-██ Equipment Storage Wing. Due to the nature of ████-██'s primary project, transfer of SCP-5499 to a proper containment site has been deemed unfeasible at present.

**Description:** SCP-5499 is an L7[1](javascript:;)\-Brand Smart Refrigerator, Model 2S. Prior to its installation in the ████-██ Break Room on January 31st, 2005, SCP-5499 displayed no anomalous properties.

Outside of direct observation, SCP-5499 is capable of damaging foodstuffs placed within its chassis. Such damages occur in bursts of 1 to 4, typically spaced at least 4 hours apart, and are accompanied by a series of messages played across SCP-5499's touchscreen. The process by which SCP-5499 chooses foodstuff is unknown, although it shows considerable preference towards foodstuffs of sweet and savory flavor profiles.

SCP-5499 was discovered following a series of complaints to the ████-██ Human Resources Department.

* * *

**ADDENDUM 5499-001: OBSERVED ACTIVATIONS**

The following is a rough approximation of the date and time of select activations, based on available security footage and subsequent tickets filed with the Human Resources Department. In the interests of budget, no tests were conducted on SCP-5499's anomalous properties.

Date and Time (Estimated)

Damage

Observed Messages

February 1st, 2005, 13:44

Bottle of iced tea completely drained.

"Mmm haha just what I needed"

February 1st, 2005 18:01

Containment Specialist ███'s lunch disappears, and Officer ██████'s brownie is reduced to half its original mass.

"Ah that hit the spot"

February 2nd, 2005, 14:48

Technician █████'s birthday cake is covered in a series of uneven depressions, with a plastic fork stuck into its side. Additionally, a carton of milk has been nearly drained.

"Yeah this is the good stuff mhm"

February 3rd, 2005, 13:36

Officer ██████'s lunch disappears, and Dr. ██████████'s tandoori chicken is missing a rough semi-sphere of mass.

"Hrm not my thing but maybe it's an acquired taste"

February 4th, 2005, 08:06

Vacuum flask of blood partially drained, and blood splatters across the interior of SCP-5499.

"EW EW EW FUCK EW HOLY SHIT WHY WAS THIS HERE"

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). A Foundation subsidiary dedicated to the production and retail of consumer electronics.