**Item №:** SCP-5812

**Anomaly Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5812 instances are fully contained within the Glasgow Necropolis, in the United Kingdom.

Four wide-area Scranton Reality Anchors are to be placed around the perimeter of the Necropolis in order to ensure the instances remain within.

**Description:** SCP-5812 is the group designation for a series of spectral anomalies confined to the Glasgow Necropolis. Each SCP-5812 instance is visually humanoid, albeit non-corporeal, and is present for approximately 280 days before it disappears.

**Addendum:** Investigation into the cause of SCP-5812 appearances.

Hypothesised Cause

Correlation coefficient[1](javascript:;)

Activity of reality altering entities within Glasgow

0

Variation in Akiva radiation levels within Glasgow

0.04

Variation in Akiva radiation levels in the Necropolis

1

Deaths in Glasgow

\-0.001

Deaths in Scotland

0

Deaths in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary (GRI)[2](javascript:;)

\-0.02

Admissions to the GRI

\-0.4

Scheduled appointments at the GRI

\-0.01

Emergency surgeries at the GRI

\-0.2

Births in the GRI

\-1

The exact cause of the correlation between births in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary and the demanifestation of SCP-5812 instances is currently being researched.

**Update:** After multiple pregnancies in the local area lasted for over 400 days without parturition occurring, the use of SRAs to contain SCP-5812 was indefinitely suspended by order of the Ethics Committee.

The Special Containment Procedures are to be revised within 3 days.

Footnotes

[1](javascript:;). A value of 1 implies that the two events are positively correlated, i.e. one increasing means the other increases; a value of -1 implies the events are negatively correlated, i.e. one increasing means the other decreases; and a value of 0 implies no correlation

[2](javascript:;). The hospital located directly adjacent to the Necropolis