**Item #:** SCP-646

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-646 is kept in customized Containment Unit 9277 in Bio-Site 66. The floor is to be rinsed daily, and drain grates are to be checked weekly for buildup.

Personnel are to wash SCP-646 once every two weeks with warm water and gentle scrubbing tools. Basic Low-Hazard decontamination showers are to be performed by personnel after this wash.

Subject does not seem to require sustenance; a daily serving of 10 kilograms high-quality edible material is allotted to promote (relative) activity.

All species of offspring are to be examined and logged. If any presiding researchers identify offspring they deem worthy of further research, personnel are to follow appropriate protocols. All unwanted offspring are to be immediately destroyed.

**Description:** SCP-646 is a large, translucent grey, bloated creature measuring roughly 5.6 meters in length, weighing between 3400 and 3700 kilograms. At one end of its body is the approximation of a torso, with a prominent ribcage and a wide, round head. Seven sets of three-jointed limbs are located evenly spaced down the front of the body; a long series of udder-like organs are located between these limbs. The body tapers to a blunt point with a cloaca-like orifice, the entire frame heaving and shuddering irregularly. The shadows of various internal organs (lungs, hearts, and a digestive tract) can be seen through SCP-646's flesh. The flesh is quite smooth and malleable, and a clear, harmless mucus constantly oozes from its skin.

SCP-646 is constantly producing unrelated, infant organisms. For the purposes of this document, SCP-646 is in a state of "giving birth". When one infant creature has been born, another will appear within SCP-646 and the birthing process will begin again. Births do not seem to cause it any discomfort, and all offspring are completely unremarkable apart from their anomalous origin. Interestingly, oviparous animals such as birds and fish are born whole, outside of an egg. There is no logical order behind what species of animal will be born next; it seems that absolutely any multicellular animal that has ever existed on Earth can be birthed by SCP-646.

It is unknown how SCP-646 is producing these infants at this time, as there is no gestation period between births. The current intake of material by SCP-646 cannot account for the mass of the infant animals or its constant slime discharge. Research is pending.

SCP-646 shows no signs of sapience, and is mostly docile unless actively provoked.

 [Sample SCP-646 Birth Log 5122b ██/██/19██](javascript:;) 

[Close](javascript:;)

  
_Note_ All offspring are destroyed unless otherwise stated.  

Time

Species

Common Name

Notes

11:43

_Crotalus atrox_

W. diamondback rattlesnake

None

12:04

_Canis lupus_

grey wolf

None

12:11

_Tyto alba_

common barn owl

None

12:20

_Boa constrictor_

_Boa constrictor_

None

12:23

unknown

unknown species of anglerfish, female

No match to any species on record

12:33

unknown

unknown animal; 10cm3 body, legs ~4m long.

retained for study; deceased (internal collapse)

12:49

_Mammuthus primigenius_

Woolly Mammoth

Retained for study. Genetic material collected for [SCP-2082](/scp-2082) research.

13:34

_Pan troglodytes_

common chimpanzee

None

13:57

_Iguanodon_

dinosaur

retained for study - since deceased (illness)

14:14

_Meles meles_

European badger

stillborn

14:20

unknown

unknown aquatic invertebrate

terminated immediately by present personnel

14:27

_Panthera leo_

lion, male

None

14:33

_Trilobita_

Trilobite, unknown

retained for study - since deceased (unknown)

14:56

_Nasua narica_

white-nosed coati

None

15:21

_Eubalaena japonica_

North Pacific right whale

None

15:24

unknown

unidentified purple gelatinous mass

No match to any species on record

15:36

_Giraffa camelopardalis_

giraffe

None

15:42

_Corvus corax_

Common Raven

Taken for use in ongoing [SCP-1505](/scp-1505) research.

15:43

_Cyprinus carpio_

common carp

None

15:50

unknown

unknown bird, possibly _Phorusrhacidae_

retained for study - since deceased (illness)

16:05

_Eurypterida_

unknown _eupterid_

retained for study - since deceased (unknown)

16:15

unknown

unknown mammal, possibly _Xenarthra_

stillborn

16:22

\[DATA EXPUNGED\]

\[DATA EXPUNGED\]

\[DATA EXPUNGED\]

16:40

unknown

unknown _dromaeosaurid_

retained for study

16:52

_Homo sapiens_

human female

retained for study

16:58

unknown

unknown placoderm, possibly _Dunkleosteus_

stillborn

17:06

_Chamaeleo jacksonii_

three-horned chameleon

None

17:13

_Bos gaurus_

gaur

None

17:21

unknown

unknown fish, unique jaw structure

No match to any species on record

17:34

_Mandrillus leucophaeus_

drill

None

17:23

unknown

unknown terrestrial invertebrate

No match to any species on record

17:28

_Myotis vivesi_

fish-eating bat

None

17:34

_Canis lupus familiaris_

puppy; possibly Beagle

None

17:43

unknown

unknown hominid

retained for study - deceased (illness)

17:52

unknown

unknown curved _nautiloid_

No match to any species on record

17:56

_Larus_

unknown gull

None

17:59

_Rattus rattus_

black rat

None

18:10

_Megaloceros giganteus_

Irish elk

retained for study